Copyright © 2026 by R.H. Brashear

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in
any form or by any means--electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other-
wise--without prior written permission from the author, except as permitted by United
States copyright law.

This is a work of 'ction. Names, characters, places, events, and incidents are the products of
the authorzs imagination or are used 'ctitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or
dead, businesses, organiFations, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All song titles, lyrics, performances, record labels, media references, and public-facing el-
ements depicted in this novel are 'ctional and created for narrative purposes only. Any
resemblance to real songs, artists, labels, or entertainment entities is coincidental.

This book is intended for entertainment purposes only.

 irst published in 2026.
Contents

1. Chapter 1    1

2. Chapter 2    10

3. Chapter 3    20

4. Chapter 4    33

5. Chapter 5    41

6. Chapter 6    50

7. Chapter 7    58

8. Chapter 8    65

9. Chapter 9    70

10. Chapter 10  76

11. Chapter 11  81

12. Chapter 12  89

13. Chapter 13  99

14. Chapter 14  107

15. Chapter 15  122

16. Chapter 16  129
17. Chapter 17  133

18. Chapter 18  141

19. Chapter 19  150

20. Chapter 20  159

21. Chapter 21  167

22. Chapter 22  177

23. Chapter 23  185

24. Chapter 24  192

25. Chapter 25  200

26. Chapter 26  206

27. Chapter 27  217

28. Chapter 28  228

29. Chapter 29  239

30. Chapter 30  250

31. Chapter 31  256

32. Chapter 32  264

33. Chapter 33  273

34. Chapter 34  281

35. Chapter 35  285

36. Chapter 36  297

37. Chapter 37  305

38. Chapter 38  312

39. Chapter 39  318

40. Chapter 40  323
41. Chapter 41  328

42. Chapter 42  333

43. Chapter 43  339

44. Chapter 44  345

45. Chapter 45  351

46. Chapter 46  356

47. Chapter 47  361

48. Chapter 48  370

49. Chapter 49  375
CHAPTER   OE

O ne day I hope somebody will see
        The woman behind this melody.
- Nova Hart, from "Lonely Light"
5 weeks at #1

                                  ELLIOT

                          ***

Elliot Brooks closed the laptop the moment the advertisement .ashed
across the screenA

   Meet mature singles in your area.
   ft y-t,wyveg a-ter yve ,ears o- uidouhood and his 'roun da"'hw
ter"s on'oin' attempts to qhelpgT the internet had decided he reb"ired
help tooA
   Rhe ho"se still held a uhisper o- coHee -rom earlier that mornin'A
Be,ond the Sack uindousg the ocean moved in slou 'ra,wSl"e lines
Seneath an overcast sk,A Earl, fpril co"ldn"t decide uhat season it
uanted to SeA
F  2A IA B2fOIEf2

   --n another monthg Nceanside"s Soardualk uo"ld yll uith to"rists
and rental Sikes and s"nS"rned -amiliesA jor noug the toun still Sew
lon'ed to the localsA

   Oat"rda, uas "ncomplicatedxOcript"reg coHeeg ma,Se a ualk on
the Seach i- the ueather SehavedA

   Uot camera creusA
   Uot a 'loSal pop star standin' on his porchA
   fll Seca"se he clicked the uron' advertisement uhile checkin'
stock reports three ueeks earlierA
   Elliot adJ"sted the c"Hs o- his shirt as he crossed the -o,erg alread,
tr,in' to think o- a polite ua, to s"rvive uhatever this eWperience uas
s"pposed to SeA
   Rhe doorSell ran'A
   Roo cheer-"lA Roo lo"dA
   Ie opened the doorA
   fnd there she uasA
   Uova IartA
   Vntil she stepped insideg Elliot had never noticed hou m"ch noise
the old ho"se madeA
   Uot Seca"se she uas lo"der than the roomA
   Beca"se nothin' aSo"t her Selon'ed to rooms this b"ietA
   Rhe uoman Seside her looked smaller than the version the uorld
proJected onto stadi"m screensA
   Uot less strikin'A
   P"st more realA
   f tall man lin'ered near the porch steps in a dark uindSreakerg alert
and composedg uatchin' the street uith practiced discretionA
   qLe"re cleargT he saidA
   qRhank ,o"g 2eidgT she repliedg her voice lou and calmA
DF LIEU RIE fCCYfVOE jf3EO ...NCM ...NCM  4

   Rhe man 'ave Elliot a Srie- nod Se-ore steppin' Sack touard the
OVDA

   qOec"rit,gT Uova saidg so"ndin' apolo'eticA q2eid distr"sts an,w
thin' uitho"t metal detectorsAT

   q2easonaSle philosoph, these da,sgT Elliot repliedA
   Rhat earned the yrst real smile he"d seen -rom herA
   Ohe stepped inside uith the calm ease o- someone lon' acc"stomed
to cameras and stran'ersA f trace o- cool ocean air -olloued her into
the -o,er Se-ore -adin'A Rhe denim Jacket she uore looked so-tened
uith "se rather than st,led -or eHectA
   Ier Soots tapped across the harduoodA
   Lhen her e,es met hisg he -or'ot uhatever polite thin' he had Seen
aSo"t to sa,A
   Ie had eWpected someone ,o"n'erg somehouA
   Yess composedA
   Yess? realA
   Rhe neWt voice arrived Se-ore he co"ld think too hard aSo"t thatA
   qRhis li'ht is incrediSleAT
   f uoman suept thro"'h the doorua,g carr,in' Soth a taSlet and
eno"'h ener', -or the entire 'ro"pA Ier e,es Se'an trackin' uindousg
an'lesg and re.ectionsA
   q2i'ht here S, the staircasegT she anno"ncedA qRhe people uho
S"ilt this ho"se apparentl, respected nat"ral li'htin'AT
   Uova 'ave Garc, a look that s"''ested she"d heard this speech
Se-oreA
   qGost ho"ses i'nore their potentialgT Garc, saidA
   Rhe uoman t"rned touard him and smiledA
   qGarc,gT she saidg 'lancin' past him touard the 'rouin' comw
motion in the -o,erA q--- someSod, starts movin' -"rnit"re uitho"t
askin'g let me knou Se-ore Uova sees itAT
z  2A IA B2fOIEf2

   Elliot stepped aside Se-ore the rest o- the prod"ction team ended
"p standin' on his porchA

   qUice to meet ,o"AT
   qCromise ue"ll Se b"ickgT Garc, saidg alread, adJ"stin' a camera
lensA
   Behind themg the rest o- the creu entered uith a stead, uave o-
movement and eb"ipmentA
   ...ases th"mped onto harduood .oorsA Yi'ht stands "n-oldedA
Doices overlappedA
   Elliot"s -o,er no lon'er -elt entirel, like hisA
   Rhe photo'rapher li-ted his cameraA
   qRhere ue 'og GrA BrooksA 2elaW those sho"ldersA P"st like ,o""re
enJo,in' thisAT
   Elliot eWhaledA
   Be stillA
   Ie let the Sreath 'oA
   Iis sho"lders had not -"ll, relaWed since the mornin' his ui-e diedA
   Rhro"'h the movement and camera .ashesg Uova"s 'rin ca"'ht
him midwtho"'htA
   qElliot Brooks5T
   qRhat dependsgT he saidA q--- ,o""re here to sell me a caSle S"ndleg
--"m not interestedAT
   Ier smile uidenedA
   qfnd i- ,o""re the pop stargT he addedg q--"m proSaSl, in tro"SleAT
   Ohe looked doun at the .oor Srie.,g S"t the smile sta,edA
   q6oodgT she saidA q--"d hate to start uith a disappointmentAT
   Ie Slinkedg s"rprised into la"'hin' uith herA
   Uova pa"sed near the staircaseg her 'a7e li-tin' touard the tall uinw
dous and chandelier overheadA
   q--t"s Sea"ti-"lgT she saidA qBi'g S"t lived inAT
DF LIEU RIE fCCYfVOE jf3EO ...NCM ...NCM  8

   Ier hand Sr"shed alon' the polished Sanister as i- testin' uhether
the ho"se uas real or J"st another sta'ed SackdropA

   q2i'ht heregT the photo'rapher calledA qLindou li'ht is per-ectA
Uovag lean in a littleA GrA Brooksg step Seside herAT

   Elliot moved into place Se-ore common sense co"ld inter-ereA
   Rhe photo'rapher circled themA
   q...loserAT
   Uova an'led touard himg one sho"lder Sr"shin' his armA
   Ie reminded himsel- it uas onl, a photo'raphA
   3etails he hadn"t noticed a moment earlier Se'an s"r-acin' an,ua,A
   Rhe -aint scent o- salt air ca"'ht in her JacketA Rhe uarmth Seneath
the denimA
   qfrm aro"nd herg GrA BrooksAT
   Elliot hesitated onl, a second Se-ore restin' a care-"l hand a'ainst
the middle o- her SackA
   3an'ero"s complicationg he tho"'ht immediatel,A
   Roo p"SlicA
   Rhe photo'rapher snapped several b"ick shotsA
   qRhere ue 'oA Ota, ri'ht thereAT
   Uova tilted her head touard himA
   qOee5T she m"rm"redA qMo""re s"rvivin'AT
   qBarel,AT
   Rhat earned another real la"'h -rom herA
   qYook at each othergT the photo'rapher saidA
   Elliot oSe,ed Se-ore thinkin' Setter o- itA
   Ier e,es met hisA
   6reenA Otead,A Gore tired than he had eWpected "p closeA
   Rhe camera clicked aro"nd themg S"t the noise no lon'er -elt cenw
tered on either o- themA
9  2A IA B2fOIEf2

   Rhen Uova Slinked and stepped Sack yrstg almost as i- she had
rememSered uhere she uasA

   Rhe photo'rapher louered the cameraA
   qNhg that is 'oodgT he saidA q3on"t lose thatAT
   fcross the -o,erg Garc, uas no lon'er uatchin' the li'htin'A
   Uova 'lanced aua,g smoothin' one hand alon' the sleeve o- her
JacketA
   q3o ,o" ever 'et "sed to this5T Elliot askedg noddin' touard the
eb"ipment and movement s"rro"ndin' themA
   qMo" don"tgT she saidA qMo" J"st 'et Setter at pretendin' it"s norw
malAT
   Rhe creu shi-ted touard the uindous -or another set"p uhile caw
Sles slid across harduood .oorsA
   Uova remained Seside him instead o- -ollouin'A
   Ier 'a7e moved aro"nd the -o,er a'ainA
   qMo"r ho"se has a kind o- peace to itgT she said ynall,A qEven uith
all thisAT
   qGostl, it"s J"st d"st that"s learned to settleAT
   f la"'h escaped herA
   qUogT she saidA q--t"s somethin' elseAT
   jor a momentg neither o- them movedA
   Rhen the photo'rapher li-ted the camera a'ainA
   qNne moreAT
   Uova looked touard him this time instead o- the lensA
   fnd Elliot had the s"ddeng deepl, inconvenient -eelin' that somew
thin' inside the room had shi-tedA
   qRhat"s eno"'hgT Uova saidg and the creu stopped movin'A
   6re' looked at his uatchA qUovaxT
   qRen min"tesgT she said uitho"t lookin' at himA
   Oomethin' in her tone ended the disc"ssionA
    DF LIEU RIE fCCYfVOE jf3EO ...NCM ...NCM

   2eid lin'ered near the doorua, a moment lon'erg st"d,in' Elliot
uith the calm attention o- someone "sed to eval"atin' riskA

   Elliot met the look directl,A
   f-ter a secondg 2eid 'ave a small nodA
   q--"ll Se o"tsideAT
   qRhe most reSellio"s thin' --"ve done this ueek uas eat ice cream -or
dinnergT Elliot saidA q-- -eel that sho"ld -actor into ,o"r assessmentAT
   Ro Elliot"s s"rpriseg 2eid almost smiled Se-ore steppin' o"t and
closin' the door Sehind himA
   Oilence settled over the ho"se in slou la,ers a-ter thatA
   Uot complete silenceA
   Rhe re-ri'erator h"mmed in the kitchenA Laves rolled someuhere
Se,ond the Sack uindousA
   B"t compared to the last tuent, min"tesg it -elt almost sacredA
   Uova looked aro"nd the -o,er a'aing the tension in her sho"lders
easin' nou that noSod, uas directin' her uhere to standA
   q-- hope ue didn"t completel, take over ,o"r mornin'AT
   q--t"s all ri'htgT Elliot saidA qRho"'h --"m -airl, certain m, ho"se nou
b"aliyes as a prod"ction st"dioAT
   Rhat dreu another small la"'h -rom herA
   Ier attention dri-ted touard the mantelA
   f silverw-ramed photo'raph sat near the ed'eg Seside an old clockA
   f ,o"n'er Elliot stood smilin' Seside a uoman uith uarm e,es and
a little 'irl t"cked Setueen themA
   Uova"s attention settled on the pict"reA
   qMo"r -amil,5T
   Elliot nodded onceA
   qG, ui-e passed aua, yve ,ears a'oAT
   Oa,in' it o"t lo"d still -elt "n-amiliar sometimesA Uot sharp an,w
moreA P"st heav, in -amiliar placesA
                                2A IA B2fOIEf2

   q--"m sorr,gT she saidA
   fnd "nlike most peopleg she didn"t r"sh to yll the silence a-ter
sa,in' itA
   Rhat alone made him like her a littleA
   qMo" reall, don"t seem like m, "s"al -angT she said a-ter a momentA
   qOho"ld -- Se -anSo,in' more5T
   Ier mo"th c"rved into a sli'ht smileA
   qCroSaSl,AT
   Ohe leaned a'ainst the ed'e o- the mantelg st"d,in' him -or a secw
ondA
   qGost people either per-orm -or me or panic aro"nd meAT
   qfnd --"m doin' neither5T
   qMo""re st"d,in' the eWitsgT she saidA
   qRhat"s haSitAT
   qGilitar,5T
   qYon' time a'oAT
   Ohe nodded as i- that eWplained more than he intended to revealA
   Rhen her e,es ret"rned to him a'aing tho"'ht-"l nouA
   qGost people uant the -antas,gT she uhisperedA qMo" seem more
interested in uhat"s realAT
   Ier uords le-t a lin'erin' impression on Soth o- themA
   Elliot let o"t a SreathA
   q--"m still not convinced this uhole contest thin' act"all, hapw
penedAT
   Ohe looked doung smilin' Se-ore she co"ld stop hersel-A
   jor a momentg she looked nothin' like the uoman on the ma'a7ine
coversA
   qLellgT she saidg qcon'rat"lationsAT
   Ie raised an e,eSrouA
   qMo" are o ciall, m, most accidental -anAT
DF LIEU RIE fCCYfVOE jf3EO ...NCM ...NCM

q6lad to stand o"tAT
Ohe didn"t look aua, immediatel, this timeA
Uot -or the camerasA
qNhgT she m"rm"redA qRhis is 'oin' to Se -"nAT
CHAPTER T  W

                                  ELLIOT

                          ***

The house settled into a slower rhythm. Somewhere behind them, the
surf eased against the shore. A gull passed overhead, its cry carrying
through the air.

   Nova tipped her chin toward the hallway. "We have what, eight
minutes?"

   Elliot checked the grandfather clock. "Seven, if your manager is
punctual."

   "He is punctual about ruining fun." She let out a small, conspira-
torial smile. "Show me something they didn't photograph."

   He almost said no. His house was not a showplace. The Ooors
carried scuVs, the rugs had survived years of tra2c, and the mugs never
matched. Still, he motioned toward the archway. "This way."

   He led her into the den. Shelves lined one wall, Plled with novels
whose spines were sun-faded, a Pne trace of dust catching the beam of
light that slipped through the window. A low table held faint circles
from forgotten coVee cups. Ln the mantel, a photograph rested at a
UF WHEN THE ADDCAYSE 1AIES MLDz MLDz  xx

slight angle, a young girl at the beach holding driftwood like a treasure,
a woman's hand reaching in from the side of the frame to take it.

   "zou have books," she said softly. "G like that."
   "Lld habits," he said. "By wife, Sarah, used to call them clutter
with bindings."
   A brief smile touched his mouth, gentle and worn. "She passed Pve
years ago. The books stayed."
   "G am sorry," she said.
   Nova's ga--e lingered on the photo a moment longer, then returned
to him. She didn't ask anything else.
   He was grateful for that, and oVered a small nod in return.
   Her Pngers brushed the back of a chair. "Hotel rooms all look the
same. G forget what real rooms feel like."
   He almost told her this one didn't always feel like home to him
either, not anymore, but he nodded toward the windows instead.
"There is a better view in here."
   Elliot paused. "By life is not eRactly a tour."
   "qood," Nova said, her mouth curving. "G am tired of rehearsals."
   She wandered a few steps farther into the room. Her Pngertips
brushed the edge of a table beside a half-empty coVee mug. Her ga--e
moved to a worn Jible, the cover softened from years of use. She
touched the corner lightly, as if testing the story behind it.
   She glanced around again...the worn rug, the dip in the sofa cush-
ion, books stacked unevenly on the side table.
   "Gt's real here," she said softly. "Bost places G walk into feel staged.
This one doesn't."
   "That is because it is," he said. "G would not know how to fake it."
   "zou can feel when a place has been prayed in."
   He looked at her. "zou can?"
xF  3. H. J3ASHEA3

   She lifted her eyes, oVering a small, knowing smile. "zou would be
surprised by what people try to get when the noise fades. Gt gets juiet
out there too. 4ust5 diVerent."

   He didn't answer right away, as if the answer had landed somewhere
he hadn't eRpected. "Honest answer," he said.

   Her ga--e moved around the room again, slower this time. "Sur-
rounded and still alone," she said. "Then maybe G should see more of
it. Whatever makes this place feel the way it does."

   He studied her, then nodded toward the hallway. "zou really want
to see it?"

   He led her to the glass doors at the far end of the den. They opened
to a small balcony above the dunes. The ocean stretched wide and
gray-blue, unhurried. A strand of hair slipped loose, and she tucked
it behind her ear while her eyes stayed on the hori--on.

   "Lkay," she whispered. "That is an unfair view."
   "Gt came with the house."
   "zou did not bargain for the ocean?"
   "G am not much of a bargainer."
   She reached for the door handle at the same time he did.
   Their hands brushed on the handle.
   4ust for a second.
   Jut long enough for him to notice.
   Nova looked toward the ocean after that, tucking a loose strand of
hair behind her ear as if she suddenly needed somewhere else to focus.
   Yp close, the silver threaded through her auburn hair and the tired-
ness around her eyes became impossible to miss.
   Llder than the maga--ine covers suggested, and somehow more real
because of it.
   "Bost of the places G stay don't even open their windows," she said
juietly. "Here, it smells alive."
UF WHEN THE ADDCAYSE 1AIES MLDz MLDz  x6

   "Baybe that is the ocean reminding you it eRists," he said.
   Some of the performance slipped out of her eRpression.
   "zou notice things."
   "Sometimes," he said, "when it matters."
   He eRpected her to step away after that.
   She didn't.
   The moment stretched between them, Plled with the distant wash
of the surf and the cool salt air drifting through the open doorway.
   Then Nova nodded toward the hallway.
   "Mome on," she said lightly. "Jefore my time is up. G need to see if
your coVee is as serious as your bookshelf."
   They moved back through the den to the kitchen. Sunlight
stretched across the counters, glinting against the kettle and the row
of mismatched mugs beside the sink.
   Nova lifted herself onto the counter as if she belonged there already,
boots dangling Kust above the hardwood.
   "So, Elliot," she said, swinging one foot lightly, "what do you rec-
ommend for somebody who's forgotten what an actual meal tastes
like?"
   He opened the refrigerator and studied the sparse contents.
   "Drobably another poor decision."
   He pulled out a foil-covered tin.
   "Half a cherry pie," he said. "Assuming time has not claimed it."
   "Derfect." The teasing in her voice lingered longer than it should
have. "Seven-minute pie date. G will take it."
   He peeled back the foil and handed her a fork.
   Their Pngers brushed brieOy.
   Warm enough to notice.
   Nova broke through the crust with the edge of the fork and took a
bite, her eyes closing brieOy afterward.
x7  3. H. J3ASHEA3

   "Bost of what G eat lately comes in plastic packaging and gets
handed to me in a car."

   She looked down at the pie again.
   "This feels5 nicer than it probably should."
   "Sugar and juestionable Kudgment," Elliot said.
   "The best kind."
   She nudged the pie tin toward him.
   "zour turn."
   He took a bite and considered it seriously enough to make her laugh
again.
   "Jetter than eRpected," he admitted.
   "That is your review?" she asked. "zou are hard to impress."
   A small smile pulled at the corner of his mouth.
   "Baybe G Kust don't hand out reviews easily."
   Something thoughtful moved across her eRpression then.
   "zou don't seem like someone who does anything easily."
   Elliot leaned lightly against the counter.
   "That sounds dangerously close to psychoanalysis."
   "Lccupational ha--ard."
   "Dop star?"
   "Human observation."
   The answer caught him oV guard enough that he looked away
brieOy.
   "Tell me something real," she said. "Not favorite-color real. Actual
real."
   He thought about it.
   "G read the Jible every morning," he said. "G burn toast at a statisti-
cally impressive rate. And G tried Kogging on the beach once. The beach
won."
   Nova laughed fully this time, her head tipping back slightly.
UF WHEN THE ADDCAYSE 1AIES MLDz MLDz  xÈ

   "That makes sense," she said. "Sand is absolutely a scam."
   Elliot glanced toward the clock near the stove.
   "zou are down to Pve minutes."
   "Then stop hiding behind the clock."
   Her tone stayed light, but the words landed diVerently anyway.
   "This is your home," she said. "What do you actually like about this
place? Lceanside."
   Elliot shrugged slightly.
   "Gt minds its business. zou can walk the boardwalk and nobody
cares if you buy seashell magnets in your Pfties."
   She smirked.
   "Io you buy seashell magnets in your Pfties?"
   "Lnly on reckless occasions. Sometimes G even buy taVy."
   "Iangerous."
   Her eyes warmed again before she looked toward the kitchen win-
dow, toward the narrow sjuare of pale sky beyond it.
   "By turn," she said more juietly. "Something real."
   She hesitated Kust long enough for him to notice it.
   "G like this better than stadium lights."
   "And," she added with faint humor, "the attention of fans isn't the
same thing as being seen."
   The words settled into the room between them.
   Nova tapped her Pngers lightly against the countertop before giv-
ing him a smaller smile.
   "Anyway," she said, "you are an eRcellent host."
   "All G did was give you pie G probably should not even own."
   "ERactly," she said. "Authentic."
   She set the fork down beside the tin.
   "NeRt time we skip the small talk."
   Elliot raised an eyebrow.
x:  3. H. J3ASHEA3

   "NeRt time we skip the small talk."
   Elliot raised an eyebrow.
   "Honestly, G trust people who lead with pie."
   Her hand settled on the counter beside his.
   Then stayed there.
   The warmth of her Pngers settled against the back of his hand.
   After a second, her pinky shifted slightly against his.
   Small and careful.
   Not accidental.
   He didn't move either.
   The contact lingered between them until the knock came from the
foyer.
   "Nova. Schedule," qreg called.
   Her hand slipped away immediately.
   The absence of her hand felt noticeable.
   Elliot straightened slightly, pretending his attention had already
shifted toward the hallway.
   Nova smoothed one sleeve of her Kacket, the polished composure
from earlier slipping back into place almost instantly.
   "Iuty calls," she said.
   She hopped down from the counter, though when she looked back
at him, the eRpression in her eyes softened again.
   "Thanks for not making this weird."
   Elliot let out a juiet breath.
   "G am trying my best at not understanding any part of this."
   "8eep doing that," she said. "The not trying part."
   She took one Pnal bite of pie before setting the fork down carefully
beside the tin.
   "Nova," qreg called again, closer now.
   She started toward the doorway, then stopped halfway there.
UF WHEN THE ADDCAYSE 1AIES MLDz MLDz  x9

   "There is a local eRperience thing included in this contest, right?"
she asked. "The Pne print nobody reads?"

   Elliot blinked once.
   "Dossibly."
   "qood."
   She pointed lightly toward him.
   "G am cashing it in."
   "That sounds mildly threatening."
   "Jreakfast tomorrow," she said, ignoring that. "Somewhere nor-
mal. No cameras. zou pick."
   Elliot opened his mouth, several reasonable obKections arriving all
at once.
   She was already moving again before he could say any of them.
   "TeRt qreg," she called over her shoulder. "He will pretend this was
his idea."
   She reached the door and glanced back one last time.
   "1or the record," she said, "that was a superb pie date."
   Elliot looked down at the pie tin, unable to hide the reaction en-
tirely.
   "G will add it to my r sum ."
   Her grin widened.
   "Mareful. zou will get rejuests for sejuels."
   He watched her pull the door open, ocean wind catching the edge
of her Kacket again.
   "G'm coming, qreg," she called, her voice brighter now.
   Then juieter
   "See you tomorrow, Elliot."
   The door closed behind her.
   Silence settled back through the kitchen in slow layers.
   The refrigerator hummed softly.
x  3. H. J3ASHEA3

   Somewhere beyond the windows, waves rolled against the shore.
   Elliot looked down at the half-Pnished pie, the two forks resting
beside each other, the faint warmth still lingering where her hand had
touched his.
   1or the Prst time in years, he found himself wondering if qod
answered prayers in ways people never thought to ask for.
   "Jreakfast," he murmured juietly to himself. "3ight."
   Ten minutes later, his phone bu----ed.

   Remember.   reBakBfs stmtrrto. wtY
   ucttfe. h --

   Elliot stared at the screen a moment before typing back.

        NaBO. y B.m. 9Brbtr HLics gBke. CttG utdee.
        fferrLbTe ucBLrf.
        --eeG st be Gtle bO sel. gcYruc.

   Her reply appeared almost immediately.

                  nerkeus. P TLae serrLbTe ucBLrf. IeeKf B iLrT
                  cYmbTe.

                     plG P KrtmLfe lts st mBae OtY TBse ktr
                     ucYruc.

   He laughed softly under his breath, saved her number as "N," and
set the phone face down on the counter.
UF WHEN THE ADDCAYSE 1AIES MLDz MLDz                    x

Around him, the house slowly settled back into itself.
He told himself tomorrow would be easy.
As if saying it might make it true.
CHAPTER THREE

                      I used to sing beneath the trees,
                 Barefoot dreams in the summer breeze.
                   No stage, no lights, no plans to prove,
                  Just sound and sky, and room to move.
               - Nova Hart, from "Before the Noise"

                              12 weeks at #1

                                   NOVA

                          ***

It was not easy. Not at all.
   Nova tightened both hands on the steering wheel as the rented SUV

rolled past the marina for the second time.
   Harbor Light CafÈ sat just ahead, tucked beside the boardwalk

beneath a faded blue sign that looked older than half the buildings
around it.

   She still had time to leave.
   That was the problem.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY                        21

   At a red light, she glanced down at the open text thread and typed
before she could reconsider it.

Running    afe w  lft .iDndl lfww RfiDt
f e'uwDdHf a'ww'efD oft

                     v' muNrt sr  imN   mf Nliww lfmmihwft
Cfmafblt
  Hf n'l DmiHfn    b  m oPNfwa in o'nlrNc

   Despite herself, Nova laughed.
   Five minutes later, she parked beside the marina and killed the
engine.
   For a moment, she stayed there listening to gulls somewhere be-
yond the boardwalk and the soft rattle of the wind against the SUV.
   Then she pulled the hood a little lower and stepped out into the salt
air.
   Warm light glowed through the diner windows.
   She spotted Elliot immediately.
   He looked like the kind of man who arrived early to places.
   He sat in the corner booth with both hands around a coRee mug,
calm and completely at home in the low hum of the diner.
   She drew one slow breath and opened the door.
   The small bell above it jingled softly.
   A few people glanced up before returning to their breakfasts.
   Elliot looked up last.
22  B. H. --BASHEAB

   His expression changed the moment he saw her"not dramatically,
just enough for her to notice.

   Warmth.
   Belief maybe.
   Something she suddenly found herself wanting to see again.
   She crossed toward the booth, morning light catching the edge of
her hair beneath the ball cap.
   "You made it,' he said, starting to stand out of re...ex.
   She slid into the opposite side ?rst. "WouldnGt miss it. --esides, I
owed you a normal breakfast.'
   "Normal might be ambitious,' he replied, smiling.
   Elliot wrapped both hands around his mug. "So. This is 3 surreal.'
   "Which part: The pie for breakfast guy or the pop star who bribed
her manager with airline miles to get an extra morning in town:'
   He blinked once. "You bribed him:'
   "I prefer negotiated. I told him I would do the late-night talk show
in Los Angeles if he gave me a real morning here. And by real, I mean
one that does not involve lighting, excessive makeup, or microphones.'
   He shook his head. "Seems like a high price for coRee.'
   "That is how you know it is worth it,' she said. "--esides, you
promised terrible chairs. I am here for the full local experience.'
   Elliot tried not to stare.
   In daylight, she looked less polished than she had on camera yes-
terday. Freckles showed beneath the makeup she no longer wore, and
exhaustion blurred the polished edges the world usually saw.
   Nova turned her mug slowly between her hands. "You know the
funny part: We did the whole o`cial shoot at your house yesterday.
Lights, crew, the works. qreg was thrilled with the pictures.'
   Elliot nodded once, waiting.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  2M

   "Then qreg took one look at them later and vetoed the whole
batch.'

   Elliot raised an eyebrow. "That bad:'
   A faint smile touched her mouth. "His exact words were4 zThese
donGt look promotional anymore.G'
   Elliot set his mug down carefully but didnGt say anything.
   Nova glanced toward the window, her expression softening into
something 5uieter. "Unscripted moments tend to get expensive.'
   Elliot leaned back slightly. "So the staged photos stay private, but
the terrible-chair breakfast is the dangerous one:'
   "Exactly,' she said with a low laugh. "The internet likes the un-
scripted version best.'
   Doreen approached with her order pad and a pot of coRee, smil-
ing in that half-curious, half-knowing way only small-town waitresses
seemed capable of perfecting.
   "6orning, hon. CoRee:'
   She poured Nova a cup before waiting for an answer.
   Nova took a sip, winced immediately, then grinned. "Wow. That is
strong enough to 5ualify as a medical procedure.'
   Doreen laughed. "House blend.'
   Then she glanced toward Elliot with a teasing look. "Thought you
said you werenGt expecting anyone, 6r. --rooks.'
   Elliot nearly choked on his coRee. "quess I was mistaken.'
   "Lying to waitresses now:' Doreen topped oR his mug with a
smirk. "--old strategy for a ?rst date.'
   "It is not a date,' Elliot said, though the denial arrived thinner than
intended.
   Doreen gave him a patient look. "Honey, IGve worked breakfast
shifts for twenty-three years.'
   Nova pressed her lips together, trying not to laugh.
27  B. H. --BASHEAB

   Doreen gave them both a look that suggested sheGd seen this kind
of thing before.

   Then her eyes shifted back to Nova.
   Becognition landed almost instantly.
   Nova felt her shoulders tighten.
   For a second she expected the shift"the excitement, the 5uestions,
the sudden change people always made once they realiJed who she was.
   Instead, Doreen stepped back toward the booth and lowered her
voice.
   "DonGt worry, sweetheart,' she said gently. "Your secretGs safe with
me.'
   Nova blinked, caught oR guard by the sincerity.
   "I believe you.'
   Doreen patted the edge of the table once before straightening. "En-
joy your breakfast, honey.'
   Elliot watched the exchange over his coRee, amused. "Even in dis-
guise, you still get recogniJed.'
   Nova stirred cream into her cup. "Yeah. --ut at least she feels like
somebody who knows how to keep a secret.'
   "6ost people here do,' he said. "Part of the charm.'
   Something about the 5uiet certainty in his voice made her lower her
guard before she meant to.
   "Then maybe you picked the right cafÈ.'
   "6aybe I did.'
   Nova leaned back slightly in the booth. "So tell me something,
Elliot. What exactly is your deal: You look like somebody who alpha-
betiJes his spice rack.'
   "I do,' he admitted. "Except for paprika. I cannot commit to where
it belongs.'
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  28

   Nova frowned thoughtfully. "Technically, isnGt paprika just ambi-
tious pepper:'

   Elliot stared at her for a second. "That may be the most upsetting
thing anyone has ever said in this diner.'

   "Wild man.'
   "Living dangerously,' he agreed.
   "And you:' he asked. "Do pop stars alphabetiJe:'
   The humor faded slightly from her expression.
   "I donGt unpack anymore,' she said. "Half the time I donGt even
know what somebody packed for me.'
   Elliot studied her 5uietly over the rim of his mug.
   "I donGt think thatGs supposed to sound as lonely as it does.'
   The honesty of it caught her oR guard enough that she looked away
brie...y.
   "People expect shiny,' she said eventually, tracing one ?nger along
the edge of her mug. "Nobody really knows what to do with normal.'
   Elliot rested his elbows lightly against the table. "You get tired of
being expected all the time:'
   Nova laughed once under her breath. "I get tired of pretending itGs
easy.'
   Silence settled brie...y between them.
   "Yesterday slowed down for a minute,' she admitted.
   Elliot frowned slightly. "When:'
   She looked down brie...y, composure slipping for a second.
   "The pie.'
   Heat climbed into his expression almost instantly.
   "And the 5uiet,' she added gently. "You didnGt rush to ?ll it.'
   Elliot leaned back slightly. "IGm not especially gifted at ?lling things.
Conversations. Empty rooms. Holes in drywall3'
29  B. H. --BASHEAB

   Doreen returned with a pen poised above her pad. "So, what are we
having this morning:'

   Nova handed back the menu she had barely opened. "Pancakes,
bacon, and those crispy potatoes that make people rethink their life
choices.'

   "Home fries,' Doreen corrected, scribbling it down approvingly.
"qood choice.'

   Elliot closed his menu. "Eggs and toast. Predictable but safe.'
   "Nothing wrong with safe,' Doreen said before heading toward the
kitchen.
   Nova watched her go, then looked back at him. "You do not strike
me as a man who is actually safe.'
   He lifted an eyebrow. "No:'
   "You act steady,' she said, studying him over the rim of her mug.
"--ut I bet thereGs a little chaos tucked under the collar.'
   He smiled. "Chaos feels generous. These days IGm mostly routine
and tax deductions.'
   "Please.' Her expression drifted into amusement. "You were
halfway charming before you started sounding like an accountant.'
   "Halfway:'
   She leaned forward slightly. "YouGd probably get the other half if
you stopped trying so hard to be predictable.'
   Elliot laughed then, low and real. "You think IGm trying to be
boring:'
   "De?nitely.'
   "That harsh:'
   "That observant.'
   He tilted his head, amused. "And you ?gured that out before break-
fast arrived:'
   Nova smirked. "IGm good at reading people. Comes with the job.'
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  20

   Elliot opened his mouth to answer, but Doreen appeared with two
steaming plates balanced along one arm.

   "Here we are,' she said brightly. "Pancakes, bacon, eggs, and what
looks suspiciously like a ?rst date.'

   Elliot opened his mouth, reconsidered, and reached for his coRee
instead.

   Doreen smirked as she slid the plates onto the table. "Honey, IGve
worked breakfast shifts too long to miss this kind of thing.'

   Nova hid a grin behind her coRee cup.
   "We appreciate the service, Doreen,' she said lightly.
   "6m-hmm.' Doreen straightened. "Enjoy yourselves, sweet-
hearts.'
   Elliot waited until she disappeared toward the counter before ex-
haling. "You did not have to encourage her.'
   "Sure I did.' Nova reached for the syrup. "Watching you panic has
been the highlight of my morning.'
   He shook his head, faint color rising into his face. "Then I should
probably tip better.'
   "qood answer.'
   Nova drowned her pancakes in syrup, then immediately winced.
   "Too much. Proof I shouldnGt adult before noon.'
   Elliot smiled into his coRee. "You seem to overthink syrup more
than most people overthink their life choices.'
   "I have a complicated relationship with breakfast,' she said, cutting
into the pancakes. "Every tour morning some nutritionist lectures me
about fueling my instrument. I just want pancakes.'
   Elliot watched her over the rim of his mug, smiling despite himself.
   She caught him looking. "What:'
   "Nothing,' he said. " ust collecting data.'
   "Data:'
2  B. H. --BASHEAB

   "You talk faster when youGre nervous, you overthink syrup, and you
enjoy pretending youGre not famous.'

   She tilted her head slightly. "You think you have me ?gured out after
one awkward photo shoot and half a breakfast:'

   "Half a breakfast is plenty of data.'
   Nova smirked. "YouGre con?dent for someone who looks mildly
terri?ed.'
   "IGm not terri?ed,' he said. " ust aware the world might implode if
people realiJe youGre having pancakes with a middle-aged man.'
   Her laughter came 5uick and genuine. "Then letGs make a deal. You
donGt act starstruck, and I wonGt sign your napkin.'
   "Deal,' he said. "Though if you did, I might auction it later.'
   Her grin widened. "YouGre getting better at this.'
   "At what:'
   "Not pretending you dislike me.'
   He froJe for half a heartbeat. "DidnGt realiJe that was on the table.'
   "ThatGs usually how breakfast works.'
   He laughed, surprised at himself. "You really donGt have an oR
switch, do you:'
   "Not when the conversationGs good.'
   "Apparently I smiled ?rst.'
   "You did.'
   "And that means:'
   "In my world:' She leaned back slightly, eyes warm now. "It means
youGre in trouble.'
   He met her gaJe evenly. "IGll take my chances.'
   "Careful, Elliot. You might make me forget IGm supposed to be
mysterious.'
   He let out a 5uiet laugh. "Too late.'
   Neither of them reached for words right away.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  2

   Nova looked down at her pancakes, smiling faintly. "I donGt re-
member the last breakfast that wasnGt scheduled or photographed.'

   Elliot lifted one eyebrow. "Well, now itGs both.'
   She laughed again, softer this time.
   A bell jingled near the front door as a customer headed outside.
   At the counter, a woman in her thirties with a local real estate tote
lifted her phone slightly, pretending to scroll while angling the camera
toward their booth.
   The shot would have caught both of them clearly4 Nova mid-laugh,
hood half-down, leaning toward Elliot across the remains of breakfast.
   Unguarded.
   Unmistakable.
   Elliot noticed immediately.
   The woman glanced up and met his eyes.
   She froJe, lowered the phone, and looked back down at her plate.
   Nova never noticed.
   She speared another piece of pancake. "So3 you have kids, right:'
   Elliot hesitated brie...y. "One. qrown. 6y daughter teaches here in
Oceanside.'
   "She probably has opinions about all this.'
   "She doesnGt know about this,' he admitted. "And IGd prefer to keep
it that way.'
   "--ecause:'
   "--ecause I donGt have the energy to explain why a pop star came
over for pie.'
   Nova laughed. "You say that like itGs a normal sentence.'
   "IGm adapting.'
   "Fast learner.'
M  B. H. --BASHEAB

   He sipped his coRee, avoiding her eyes. "You get used to strange sit-
uations when you live alone long enough. Everything is either absurd
or boring.'

   "Then letGs keep it absurd,' she said, smiling faintly. "At least until
my manager ?nds me.'

   "HeGll probably track you by the scent of rebellion.'
   "And syrup,' she said, brushing a sticky spot from her thumb.
   His eyes followed the movement before he could stop them.
   She noticed immediately.
   Neither of them ?xed it.
   Nova broke ?rst, laughter rounding her voice. "You are terrible at
pretending you donGt notice things.'
   "IGm out of practice,' he admitted, his voice lower than intended.
   Her smile lingered this time. "ThatGs okay. I notice things too.'
   They both looked back down at their plates, letting the moment
settle instead of rushing to ?ll it.
   Somewhere near the counter, a phone chimed to life and one of
NovaGs songs drifted through the cafÈ"bright, familiar, impossible to
miss.
   Elliot reached for his coRee.
   Nova groaned softly. "Well, thatGs awkward.'
   "ItGs catchy.'
   "Tell that to the guy whoGs about to realiJe IGm sitting ?ve feet from
him.'
   The man at the next table looked up, froJe brie...y, then blinked
hard.
   Nova pressed a ?nger lightly to her lips.
   He nodded once and returned to his breakfast like he had just been
entrusted with classi?ed information.
   Elliot smiled into his coRee. "That was impressive.'
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  M1

   "Fear and charm,' she whispered back. "Very eRective combina-
tion.'

   Doreen returned with the check and set it beside ElliotGs coRee.
   "YGall holler if you need anything else,' she said before heading back
toward the counter.
   Nova watched her go, smiling faintly. "She de?nitely thinks youGre
the stable one.'
   Elliot folded the receipt once before reaching for his wallet. "That
is because I radiate middle-aged dependability.'
   "You really do,' she said. "ItGs honestly impressive.'
   He paid while the cafÈ carried on around them"plates clattering
softly, low conversation drifting between booths, the steady rhythm
of another Oceanside morning.
   When they ?nally stood, neither of them seemed especially hurried
to leave.
   Nova pulled her hood back up, a faint smile still lingering at the
corner of her mouth. "Thanks for breakfast.'
   Elliot nodded once. "Anytime.'
   She lingered for a second longer than necessary.
   "Careful, Elliot,' she said lightly. "YouGre starting to sound believ-
able.'
   He met her eyes. "And thatGs dangerous:'
   Something 5uieter ...ickered across her expression then.
   "6aybe.'
   He held her gaJe calmly. "qood mornings are rarer than people
think.'
   Color touched her cheeks, faint but real.
   "I should probably leave before qreg sends a search party.'
   "That seems wise.'
M2  B. H. --BASHEAB

   Nova reached out then, ?ngertips brushing brie...y against the sleeve
of his jacket.

   "DonGt disappear on me yet.'
   Something gentler crossed his face. "qo before your manager starts
a manhunt.'
   She laughed under her breath.
   "Thanks,' she said 5uietly. "For the normal.'
   Then she slid her sunglasses back on and slipped out through the
side door.
   Elliot stayed where he was a moment longer, watching the door
swing shut behind her.
   Doreen appeared beside him almost immediately, coRee pot still in
hand.
   "Well,' she said. "YouGre in trouble now.'
   Elliot let out a 5uiet breath through his nose, unable to argue with
that.
   A minute later, he stepped outside.
   Salt air drifted oR the water, cool against his face. --eyond the
boardwalk, the ocean moved in long blue-gray lines beneath the
brightening morning sky.
   Somewhere down the street, a car door closed.
   He found himself smiling before he realiJed he was doing it.
   The Harbor Light CafÈ sign creaked softly overhead as Oceanside
carried on around him, ordinary and unchanged.
   Except somehow it wasnGt.
CHAPTER   FOR

                                  CLARA

                          ***

The last twenty minutes of the school day belonged to art projects, low
attention spans, and the slow collapse of classroom discipline.

   Clara Brooks moved between desks while construction paper,
markers, and glue sticks spread steadily across every available surface
in her third-grade classroom at Oceanside Christian Academy.

   "Remember," she said, stepping around a backpack abandoned in
the aisle, "the assignment is somebody you admire. Not just somebody
famous."

   "That's basically the same thing," Ethan announced from the back
table while coloring a drawing of Michael Jordan.

   "It absolutely is not."
   A few students argued immediately.
   "My dad says famous people are mostly weird."
   Clara smiled despite herself.
   Third graders possessed a unique ability to speak with complete
conHdence about subjects they understood only slightly better than
raccoons understood traSc laws.
W?  R. 3. BRA43EAR

   4he stopped beside a little girl near the windows carefully coloring
bright red hair with intense concentration.

   "That's pretty," Clara said. "zho's yoursV"
   The girl looked up proudly. "Nova 3art."
   Of course it was.
   The drawing featured enormous green eyes, oversiYed earrings, and
a microphone roughly the siYe of a baseball bat.
   "xery nice," Clara said. "2ou worked hard on this."
   "4he writes her own songs," the little girl ePplained seriously. "And
she gave money to animal shelters after the hurricanes. And my mom
says her red hair is real."
   A nearby boy leaned over immediately. "My brother says famous
people all have chefs."
   The little girl nodded solemnly. "I would still do it."
   The classroom dissolved into overlapping conversations again.
   "Can I admire BatmanV"
   "No Hctional characters."
   "zhat about Christian athletesV"
   "2es."
   "zhat about my dogV"
   "That depends. Is your dog honorableV"
   The boy considered carefully. "4ometimes."
   Clara laughed softly and moved toward the classroom library
shelves while students continued coloring and debating with the en-
ergy only eight-year-olds could sustain at three-thirty in the afternoon.
   Outside the tall windows, parents were already beginning to gather
near the pickup line.
   The room smelled faintly like crayons, dry-erase markers, and
the cinnamon candle warmer hidden behind a stack of curriculum
binders she technically was not supposed to have plugged in.
xL z3EN T3E AUUFAD4E 5A:E4 COU2 COU2  W1

   The Hnal bell rang.
   Instant chaos.
   Backpacks Yipped.
Uapers shoved into folders.
Three students suddenly remembered entirely separate emergencies.
   Uarents Hlled the hallway outside the classroom now, waiting on
children who moved at the speed of distracted squirrels.
   "Ethan," Clara called as a boy attempted to surf across the class-
room --oor standing on a rolling reading cart, "if you crash into my
bookshelf again, I'm assigning ePtra memory verses."
   The boy grabbed the edge of a desk before the cart could hit the
wall.
   "That feels spiritually aggressive," he complained.
   "It's supposed to."
   A few parents laughed from the hallway.
   By W6?..., the classroom had Hnally settled into silence.
   Not true silence. Third graders left behind too much evidence of
themselves for that7crooked chairs, uncapped markers, paper scraps,
and the lingering smell of crayons and animal crackers.
   A knock tapped lightly against the open doorway.
   "2ou still alive in hereV"
   Melissa 3arper leaned against the frame holding an iced coÈee and
her phone.
   Clara looked up from her desk. "One of my students asked if Noah
got tired of shoveling giraÈe poop."
   Melissa laughed. "That's a fair question."
   Clara sat down with a sigh. "I told him we were out of time."
   Melissa smirked. "Nice de--ection."
   4he stepped inside.
W8  R. 3. BRA43EAR

   Melissa taught fourth grade across the hall and somehow survived
every school year through caÈeine, sarcasm, and what Clara privately
suspected was divine intervention.

   "2ou staying late againV" Melissa asked.
   "Uarent emails and trying to Hgure out how twenty-seven glue sticks
disappeared in three days."
   "The glamorous life of private Christian education."
   "Truly."
   Melissa's mouth twitched. "4peaking of independently wealthy9"
   "No," Clara said immediately. "I am not going on another blind
date at thirty-one."
   "I wasn't even going to say that."
   "2ou absolutely were."
   Melissa grinned.
   Then she glanced back at her phone.
   "Apparently Nova 3art is secretly seeing somebody in Oceanside
now."
   Clara rolled her eyes.
   "Nobody secretly dates anyone in Oceanside. Mrs. Uatterson at the
pharmacy would know by dinner."
   Melissa laughed.
   Clara shook her head. "Besides, the average age of single men in this
town is about siPty."
   "That's not true."
   "5ine. 5ifty-eight."
   Melissa smirked faintly. "Okay, fair. 2our dad's what nowV"
   "5ifty-siP in August."
   Melissa's ePpression changed.
   "9zait."
   4he crossed the room quickly and turned the phone toward Clara.
xL z3EN T3E AUUFAD4E 5A:E4 COU2 COU2  W0

   The image was grainy and badly Yoomed, obviously taken from
somewhere inside 3arbor Fight Caf .

   Nova 3art leaned across a breakfast table mid-laugh, sunglasses
pushed onto her head instead of hiding her face. Morning light caught
the edge of her auburn hair while one hand rested near a coÈee mug.

   Across from her sat a man in a brown canvas jacket.
   2ou couldn't fully see him.
   Mostly shoulders.
Back proHle.
One hand near a coÈee cup.
   But Clara's smile faded instantly.
   The jacket was the same brown canvas one her father wore to
church on rainy mornings.
   3er stomach dipped.
   "That looks like my dad's jacket."
   Melissa leaned closer.
   "zait9 the brown jacketV"
   Clara Yoomed in further even though the image blurred.
   But it was not really the jacket that convinced her.
   It was the posture.
   4teady.
Uatient.
Completely focused on Nova like the rest of the room had quietly
disappeared.
   3er father listened to people that way.
   Fike what they were saying mattered completely.
   Melissa's eyes widened.
   "Oh my gosh."
   Neither of them spoke for a second.
   "Melissa9" Clara said quietly. "zhat if that's actually my dadV"
W  R. 3. BRA43EAR

   Melissa looked back at the picture.
   "I mean9 maybeV"
   Clara stared at the screen.
   "zhat is he doingV"
   Not angry.
   Just genuinely bewildered.
   Because Elliot Brooks did not end up in blurry celebrity gossip
photos.
   3e drank coÈee on his porch.
Fed elder meetings.
3elped neighbors reset their zi-5i passwords.
   3e belonged to quiet things.
   Outside, a bus hissed loudly as it pulled away from the curb.
   Clara kept staring at the image.
   Not posed.
Not polished.
Not celebrity careful.
   Just9 unguarded.
   And somehow that unsettled her more.
   Melissa lowered herself backward into one of the student desks.
   "zell," she said carefully, "local 5acebook is currently acting like
3arbor Fight hosted the royal wedding."
   "That's ridiculous."
   "2ou haven't read the comments."
   "I do not want to read the comments."
   Melissa ignored that completely.
   "Apparently half the town thinks she's Hlming something here."
   "That would honestly be preferable."
   Melissa studied her for a moment. "2ou okayV"
   Clara opened her mouth automatically to say yes.
xL z3EN T3E AUUFAD4E 5A:E4 COU2 COU2  W

   Then stopped.
   After her mother died, there had been months when Clara won-
dered if her father would ever sound fully awake again.
   Eventually he had rebuilt a life anyway.
   4lowly.
   :eliberately.
   The man in that photograph looked more alive than her father had
in years.
   That should have made Clara happy.
   Instead, it scared her a little.
   Melissa stood slowly.
   "5or what it's worth," she said gently, "your dad deserves to feel alive
again too."
   The words lingered after she left.
   Clara stared back at the photo.
   At Nova 3art leaning toward her father like whatever he was saying
mattered more than the noise around them.
   Then her eyes drifted back to Elliot.
   Or what little of him the picture revealed.
   Broad shoulders.
Brown jacket.
Completely focused on her.
   3er phone was already in her hand before she consciously decided
to call him.
   Elliot answered on the second ring.
   "3ey, kiddo."
   zarm.
Easy.
   And somehow lighter than usual.
   Clara leaned back slowly in her chair.
?  R. 3. BRA43EAR

   "4o," she said carefully, "how famous are you currentlyV"
   3is groan rumbled softly through the speaker.
   "I was wondering how long it would take before somebody sent
you that picture."
   :espite herself, Clara smiled faintly.
   "4o it is you."
   A pause.
   Then, cautiously, "In my defense, 3arbor Fight usually feels safer
than this."
   4he laughed softly.
   And there it was again.
   That warmth in his voice.
   Not forced.
Not polite.
   Real.
   "3ow bad is itV" she asked.
   "zell, :oris at church tePted me three prayer hands and a winking
emoji, so I assume civiliYation is ending."
   Clara laughed before she could stop herself.
   But the sound faded quickly.
   5or the Hrst time in years, her father sounded like someone ePpect-
ing tomorrow to matter.
   And somehow that frightened her more than the picture itself.
CHAPTER   FIE

                                  ELLIOT
                                      ***

T he Harbor Light Cafe photo reached Elliot the way most
       modern news traveled: through a family member with faster
thumbs.

   It was a little after two when his phone buzzed across the counter
while he rinsed a mug.

   The preview showed Clara and a message that began without a
greeting:

         Dad????

   His stomach sank before he even opened it. Nothing good ever
started with that tone.

   Then came another bubble, a screenshot from a local food blogger
he didn't know, someone who tagged coqee shops and breakfast plates
with eRual devotion.
2-  B. H. ABS4HESB

    "Pretty   sre tuath   '@Naoartov at HreaQb
    ka  t -- ----ea-  -defi

   The photo was grainy, taken at an angle from somewhere near
the counter. Nova's hood was halfxdown, her cap beside her on the
table. 4he was midxlaugh, leaning toward him across the remnants of
breakfast. Not performing. Not posing. Her eVpression open in a way
that did not belong to magazine covers or interviews.

   Aeneath the image, Clara had repeated:

         Dadfffff

    He typed the safest thing he could think of.
                                        nue --ua-r   Oere terr-Hce!

   Her typing dots appeared, vanished, reappeared, then the messages
came in rapid succession.

         "   ee y@sr Ta--Qet!
         nue @-e y@shNe "ret-redi turee t-we  !
         lacc we!

    Elliot paused, then set the phone face down on the counter.
W- PHEN THE SUULSF4E DSYE4 COU3 COU3  2"

   He called.
   4he answered on the ‰rst ring. "Ulease tell me that is your doppelx
gjnger.G
   "It's me,G Elliot said.
   4he eVhaled sharply. "I'm --ust trying to understand how my dad
ends up in a picture with one of the most famous people in the world.
4tart from the beginning.G
   Elliot stared out the kitchen window. 4ome of the tension had left
his shoulders.
   He took that as ?od doing what He often did ... steadying him
before he knew he needed it.
   "The prize ended at the photo shoot,G he said. "Areakfast was her
idea. I --ust picked the chairs.G
   "The prize to what, eVactlyÈG
   "The contest,G he said. "The one I accidentally entered.G
   4he paused. "Phat contestÈG
   "There was a web banner,G he said. "I thought it was market alerts.G
   There was a beat.
   "Urobably not,G he admitted.
   "Yad,G she drawled. "I feel like I'm missing a step.G
   He cleared his throat. "Pell M technically, breakfast wasn't part of
the original plan.G
   "Phat does that meanÈG
   "The prize was supposed to be a short promotional visit,G he said.
   The pause felt sharper this time.
   "Uromotional howÈG
   He hesitated. "S, uh M photo shoot.G
   "S photo shootÈG
   "Dor a promotional thing,G he blurted. "Nothing dramatic. 4he was
polite. Urofessional.G
22  B. H. ABS4HESB

   "Phere was this photo shootÈG
   "Here,G Elliot said.
   "Here, hereÈG
   "St my house.G
   "Yad. PhatÈG
   Neither of them spoke right away.
   "?ive me ten minutes,G she said, concern threading through the
words she tried to keep steady. "I'm coming over.G
   He had time to turn oq the kettle and pour the steaming water into
the Drench press before the doorbell rang.
   4he stood on the porch with her tote bag threatening to split under
the weight of a laptop, a water bottle, and the general burden of being
the responsible one.
   Her ponytail showed she hadn't stopped moving since dawn.
   He opened the door. "That was fast.G
   "I was already halfway here,G she said, stepping past him. Her eyes
made a slow sweep of the entryway, taking inventory with the precix
sion of someone who notices what others miss.
   "4omeone tagged the photo at Harbor Light Caf5. 4o it really was
you. St that table. Pith her.G
   He eVhaled. "?uilty.G
   Clara dropped her tote on the chair and leaned against the counter,
arms crossed like she was bracing for impact.
   "I'm not mad,G she said.
   The word almost held.
   Slmost.
   Clara crossed her arms tighter and looked toward the sink instead
of at him. "I'm scared.G
   Elliot did not answer. Not yet.
   "6om's been gone ‰ve years,G she said. "Snd you've been ‰ne.G
W- PHEN THE SUULSF4E DSYE4 COU3 COU3  27

   Dine did not mean ‰ne.
   "Too ‰ne,G she added. "Aible every morning. Church every 4unday.
Pork. Coqee. Helping neighbors reset passwords like nothing ever
happened.G
   Her eyes moved toward the mantel, then away again.
   "Aut I see it, Yad.G
   That landed harder than he eVpected.
   "The way you look at 6om's picture when you think nobody's
watching.G
   Elliot stepped forward and pulled her into a hug.
   4he held on tighter than she had in years. Phen they ‰nally pulled
apart, Clara wiped her eyes and gave a shaky laugh. "Okay. I needed
that. Now M tell me everything else. Aecause people are already writing
the love song.G
   "I mean M she's Nova Hart, Yad.G Clara's voice climbed with each
word. "Ueople are already acting like this is some hidden love story.
3ou're older, nobody knows who you are, and that somehow makes it
worse. They're reposting it everywhere. 4omeone made a reel. There's
slowxmotion analysis of her smile. 4omeone even set it to piano mux
sic.G
   Clara glanced at the dirty pie tin in the sink. Her voice thinned.
"Two forksÈG
   He looked toward the hallway. "Uhoto shoot. Long story.G
   "S whatÈG
   "It was part of the promotion,G he said. "Uhotos in the house. Ay
the windows mostly.G
   Clara stared at him.
   He lifted a shoulder. "Spparently my foyer tested well.G
   Clara's eyebrow climbed. "3ou posed with herÈG
   "Arie1y.G
29  B. H. ABS4HESB

   "In this houseÈG
   Elliot looked away.
   Clara stared at him longer this time, like she was trying to picture it
and regretting succeeding.
   Her eyes moved to the corner of the room where her mother's lamp
used to sit. 4he pressed her lips together and looked away.
   "Fnbelievable.G
   "4he was polite,G he said.
   "I'm sure she was. 6ost people are when they're rearranging your
furniture for online content.G
   He almost smiled. "3ou sound like your mother.G
   4he went to the sink, grabbed a fork, then set it back down.
   "6om loved mornings like this,G she whispered.
   The kitchen still smelled faintly of coqee and breakfast.
   "4he did,G he said, and the answer came without the familiar ache.
   Clara straightened and crossed her arms again.
   "It really was nothing, Clara. Truly.G
   Her eVpression softened --ust a little. "3ou keep saying that like it's
supposed to make me believe you.G
   He smiled, the kind that didn't need defending. "It's supposed to
make you worry less.G
   Clara shook her head, ‰ghting the corner of a reluctant grin. "3ou
really don't see what this looks like, do youÈG
   "It looks like breakfast,G he said. "Pith terrible chairs.G
   The corner of her mouth twitched, but the concern stayed. "Yad,
people aren't reacting to the pancakes. They're reacting to the way she
was looking at you.G
   Elliot blinked, confused. "Looking at meÈG
W- PHEN THE SUULSF4E DSYE4 COU3 COU3  28

   "3es,G she said, drawing the word out. "Like you were the only
person in the room. Like...G she hesitated, wrinkling her nose, "...like
gooxgoo eyes, if people still say that.G

   He tried not to laugh. "I don't think people have said that since
Z 8.G

   "EVactly my point,G she said. "Phich makes it even weirder that my
dad is starring in a viral almostxromance.G

   He raised an eyebrow. "3ou make it sound like a scandal.G
   "Yad, she's closer to my age,G Clara said. "Ueople twist that faster
than they breathe. 3ou become the headline before anyone remembers
you are a person.G
   He leaned back against the counter, unru ed. "3ou think I'm
worried about commentsÈG
   "I think you should know that,G she said. "Aecause once people dex
cide what story they want, facts barely matter. Snd right now they've
decided you're some mysterious older man who swept a pop star oq
her feet.G
   He gave a slight smile. "I was --ust having breakfast.G
   "I know.G Her voice softened. "That's what worries me. 3ou see the
moment. They see the story.G
   The humor faded into something gentler. "I'm not trying to ruin
your M whatever this is. I --ust don't want people using you to sell a
story.G
   He nodded once. "I know.G
   Elliot eVhaled, slow and steady, but he did not step away from the
weight of it.
   "I can't promise I won't get hurt, Clara. Or that the world will be
gentle.G
   He looked toward the mantel. "4ometimes I miss your mom. The
kind that comes from missing the way life used to sound.G
2  B. H. ABS4HESB

   Her eyes 1icked toward the mantel, to the photo of her mother. "I
miss it too.G

   Dor a while, neither spoke. The clock hummed. The ocean murx
mured somewhere beyond the windows.

   He met her gaze. "Aut I can promise you I'm not hiding from grief.
Snd I'm not asking someone else to carry it.G

   He let the words settle before adding, "I am still here.G
   Clara searched his face, not for certainty but for truth. Sfter a
moment, she nodded once, as if deciding something.
   Then she straightened, wiping her palms against her --eans. "Okay.
I'm making rules.G
   "Of course you are.G
   "One,G she said, holding up a ‰nger, "don't post, don't comment,
don't even like anything about this. Two, if she reaches out again, keep
it private. No public cafes, no cameras, and de‰nitely no news crews.
Snd three, if this gets complicated, you call me ‰rst.G
   He smiled. "That's fair.G
   4he eVhaled, some of the tension slipping from her shoulders.
"?ood. Aecause I really don't want to eVplain to anyone that Yad's
the reason T6 discovered Harbor Light Caf5.G
   He laughed. "I'll try to keep my scandals local.G
   "That's all I ask.G 4he gave him a Ruick hug. "Ae careful, okayÈG
   He gave a nod, but the meaning of "carefulG had become unclear,
especially after hearing her laugh in his kitchen.
   "Slways.G
   4he grabbed her tote, hesitated at the door. "3ou like her,G she said.
   He didn't answer right away. "I like that she is real. Snd kind. Snd
not what I eVpected.G
   Clara studied him for another heartbeat, then nodded. "Okay. I can
live with that.G
W- PHEN THE SUULSF4E DSYE4 COU3 COU3  2

   The door closed with a whisper behind her.
   The house returned to the stillness he had lived with for years, but
it felt diqerent now.
   He cleaned the pie tin, the mugs, and the two forks and left them
beside the sink.
CHAPTER   SI

                   I used to chase the noise to feel alive.
               Turns out quiet had been waiting all along.

                   - Nova Hart, "Still," unreleased

                                   NOVA

                          ***

Nova sat on the edge of the hotel bed, the white duvet rumpled be-
neath her knees, unread notic.ations sta.king faster than she .ould
.lear themG

   yreg had alreadP .alled twi.eG RÈ had sent a string of messages
Sagged urgent, and her label had forwarded three separate arti.les
about the .afB photoG

   The let the phone go dim in her hand and stared at the .arpet until
the noise inside her slowedG

   zut she lifted the phone againG
   Vhe viral image glowed a.ross the s.reen, and she fro2eG
   Vhe photo .aught them leaning toward ea.h other a.ross the table,
her .ap resting beside his .oWee mug in the soft morning lightG Vhe
HE ALUN VLU FRRDFCTU OFYUT 51R: 51R:                             "`

.aption read' ?Nova Lart spotted on breakfast "dateI in a small-town
dinerG AhoIs the mPsterP manxq

   5omments were alreadP starting, some teasing, some sharpG
   Ler stoma.h twistedG 3t looked intimateG Not posedG Ler e4pres-
sion was open in a waP she never allowed publi.lPG
   CnguardedG
   Vhe .amera had .aught something real, and now everPone was
lookingG
   Vhe onlP thing she .ared about was whether Ulliot had seen it aloneG
   The opened their thread and tPped before she .ould se.ond-guess
herselfG

You   OK

Vhe tPping dots appeared almost immediatelPG
                                           ?Stii lSsantadg YouK

Tome tension loosened in her .hestG
     . lsI Swh etpSuchg rchdGl ta pctltl onhg

Fnother replP appearedG

                                               .G aoSg

The smiled despite herselfG
"E                     ÈG LG zÈFTLUFÈ

    'ulS IsaShn So smh luch JouGch aoS okhcy
    Iwhihng

    Vhe pause before his ne4t message felt longer this timeG
    The tPped'

         vwsam Jou -oc smtad lesph -oc hg

    Lis replP .ame ba.k Mui.klPG

                                       -aJSthg

    --sadhcoul o--hcg

    .Gii ScJ aoS So sTulh tS fA

         DoaphcS eche ta sa woucg .Gii do nscmg ffuS b
    The stared at the blinking .ursor for a se.ond before tPpingG

         --oaGS ntlseehsc: omsJK y)
    Vhe answer .ame ba.k almost immediatelPG
HE ALUN VLU FRRDFCTU OFYUT 51R: 51R:                         "--

                                   . s doon sS lSsJtad euSg

Tomething in her softened at thatG
Vhen another message appearedG

              -an Jou no aoS wskh So mhhe ltdatad ItSw
              CB)g... . -tduchn tS ouSg

F real smile pulled at her mouthG
      roong ffhpsulh .Gn wsSh So IslSh sa h,Scs
     mhJlScomhg

The hesitated before tPping againG
     -an Th-och Jou slm: . lskhn Jou slb

     Nth --sSh"""

Lis replP took longer this timeG
                                 You lskhn h sl Nth --sShK
"6  ÈG LG zÈFTLUFÈ

      TktouliJg You hscahn tSg -an tS snh h
    ltihg

    The stared at the s.reen longer than ne.essarP after thatG
    Fnother message appearedG

         . lskhn Jou sl )g .S lhhhn ls-hc Swsa Jouc
         chsi ashg

    1ne letterG Vhat feels .areful and sweet all at on.eG
    Vhe tPping dots appearedG HanishedG ÈeturnedG

    . itmh SwsS Jou ntna≠S smh tS
    poeitpsShng

    Le responded Mui.klPG
                                   . s ThSShc sS lteih Swtadlg

         roong . pouin ulh och o- Swolhg

    yregIs name Sashed a.ross the top of her s.reen againG
    The ignored it for one more se.ondG

         roSSs cuag rchdGl psiitadg --oaGS ksatlw: omsJK
HE ALUN VLU FRRDFCTU OFYUT 51R: 51R:  ""

)oS dotad saJIwhchg

   The heart-rea.ted to the message and let the phone rest against her
kneeG

   Vhe .hat went stillG
   zut it no longer felt emptPG
   F kno.k sounded at the door, followed bP the soft .li.k of a keP-
.ardG
   ;ar.P .ame in without .eremonP, tablet under one arm, her other
hand alreadP raisedG ?zefore Pou saP anPthing, yreg is handling itG RÈ
has a draft statementG NobodP needs Pou to respond tonightGq
   The pla.ed the tablet on the dresser and looked at Nova with the
e4pression she reserved for situations that were both a .risis and notG
   ?Fre Pou okaPxq
   ?3Im okaP,q Nova saidG
   ;ar.P studied her for a beat longer than ne.essarPG ?:ouIre smil-
ingGq
   ?3Im notGq
   ?:ou were when 3 walked inGq The tilted her headG ?3s this about the
.Pberse.uritP guPxq
   Nova looked at herG ?LeIs not7how do Pou even know what he
doesxq
   ?3 yoogled him appro4imatelP four minutes after the photo
droppedGq ;ar.P pi.ked up the tablet, unbotheredG ?Le seems steadPG
3 like steadP for PouGq
   The moved toward the door, then paused with her hand on the
frameG
   ?5on.ert prep in fortPG Uat something crstGq
   ?3 willGq
"  ÈG LG zÈFTLUFÈ

   ?Fnd NovaGq
   The stopped without turning aroundG
   ?Vhe waP Pou were looking at him in that photoGq
   F beatG
   ?3 hadnIt seen that in a whileGq
   The left before Nova .ould answerG
   Nova sat with that for a momentG
   Vhen she rea.hed for the guitar leaning against the bed frameG Vhe
notebook laP open beside it, pages alreadP marked with .rossed-out
lines from earlier in the weekG
   The balan.ed the guitar against her knee, cngers drifting over the
strings without plaPing, and let her ePes settle on the half-cnished
lPri.sG
   F notic.ation banner slid a.ross the top of her s.reenG
   Vhe .afB photo again, reposted bP another outlet, another fan,
another stranger who thought theP understood her lifeG
   The silen.ed the phone and let it fall on the bed beside herG
   Vhe noise .ould be deafeningG :et something steadier had settled in
this morningG
   Ler cngers moved a.ross the old page, following the words of a
song she had written long agoG
   ;er.P has a voi.e 3 hear it through the silen.eG
   Tomething in her easedG
   Not fearG
   Not pressureG
   Èe.ognitionG
   Tilen.e wasnIt the right word anPmoreG Not after this morningG Not
after himG
   The .rossed it out with one .lean line and wrote a new word beneath
itG
HE ALUN VLU FRRDFCTU OFYUT 51R: 51R:  "

   ;er.P has a voi.e 3 hear it through the MuietG
   Ler hand stilled over the pageG
   Vhe kind of pea.e that didnIt need an audien.eG Vhe kind she had
found sitting a.ross from a man who hadnIt tried to impress herG
   Aho hadnIt .hased her attentionG
   Aho hadnIt clled the spa.eG
   F man whose house felt praPed over without him ever saPing soG
   The shut the notebook and whispered, not to the room, not to the
song, but to the yod she hoped still listened in the middle of all her
.haosG
   ?Vhank :ou for the MuietG 3 didnIt know how mu.h 3 missed itGq
   1utside, .itP tra . murmuredG
   3nside, something in her settledG
   The turned oW the lamp, the notebook still open beside herG
   Fnd for the crst time in a long time, Nova Lart fell asleep to pea.e
instead of applauseG
CHAPTER   ESEV

                      I wasn't trying to make a scene,
                 just breathe where the world can't chase.
              Then you laughed like the room turned clean

                      and I saw it there on your face.
      - Nova Hart, "That Look on Your Face", unreleased

                                   NOVA

                          ***

The space was dimly lit, and the echoes seemed to hang in the air.
   Nova sat cross-legged on a black road case center stage, guitar bal-

anced across her lap, a notebook open against one knee. A single work
light burned overhead, washing the empty seats in a pale glow. Far up
the aisles, someone tested cables; the faint buzz of an amp rose and
faded again.

   Her jngers shaped a soft chord, Sust half of one, the kind you
play Sust to hear what it feels like. The note lifted, drifted through
the rafters, and came back changed, but still hers. Vhe tried another
and hummed a few words that had been sitting on her tongue since
breakfast two days ago.
2W EHPN THP ALLUADVP FACPV OYL5 OYL5  9"

   ...That look on your face": The words came out low, almost cau-
tious, as if testing their own weight.

   Vhe smiled to herself, reached for the pencil, and scratched out
...Dntitled P: and wrote the title across the top of the pageR That Uook
on 5our Face.

   The ink dotted a little at the end where her hand had hesitated.
   qeid lingered in the wings, half-lit by his phone, present without
hovering. He did not ask Iuestions or demand attention. He stayed
where he was, enough to keep things from tipping. 't wasnBt com-
forting the way PlliotBs presence had been. Gut it kept the room steady
enough to play.
   Her pencil tapped a rhythm on the notebookBs spine. ...He didnBt
jll the silence,: she murmured, ...he made space for it.:
   Vhe wrote again, lines half-formedR
   If the world gets loud, I'll read it in the small places.
   Vhe tried the phrase aloud. The arena carried it and laid it back at
her feet. The echo felt like agreement. Yr maybe a nod she couldnBt
see.
   For a few minutes she forgot everything elseR the lights, the crew, the
trending page waiting on her phone. Vhe Sust strummed, building the
edges of a melody until it felt true.
   The phone buzzed anyway. #reg.
   Nova sighed, 6ipped the phone face up, and answered. #regBs name
had been waiting there for a while.
   ...Tell me youBve seen it,: he said, no greeting. ...0HarborUightGreak-
fast is everywhere. Half the commenters think itBs a music video stunt.
The labelBs already watching.:
   Vhe let him jnish, eyes still on the ceiling. ...They can watch some-
thing else. Not this.:
   #reg breathed on the other end.
--x  q. H. GqAVHPAq

   ...Nova,: he said more carefully now, ...itBs already being framed. 'f
you donBt shape it, someone else will.:

   ...'Bm not turning him into content.:
   ...HeBs not a prop.:
   Her pencil moved without her noticing, tracing a small spiral in the
margin. ...No names. No winks. This is not clickbait.:
   ...Nova1:
   ...'Bll handle it,: she said evenly. ...EeBll talk later.:
   Vhe ended the call.
   qeid glanced up from his phone in the shadows. He had heard
enough to understand.
   He lifted one eyebrow and gave a small nod, the kind that said he
was on her side even without words.
   ...NeMt time you need pancakes,: he said, ...let me drive.:
   Vhe almost smiled. ...NeMt time 'Bll let you.:
   Vhe looked down at the notebook again, at the messy scrawl and
coJee ring staining the corner, and smiled.
   ...Uooks like itBs Sust us,: she told the page.
   Vhe set the phone face down, slid her pick between the strings,
and leaned back on her hands. A single work light burned overhead,
washing the empty seats in a pale glow. Pven by tour standards, the
qaleigh stop had been loud.
   Then, softly, she sang the verse again.
   I wasn't trying to make a scene...
   The sound 6oated up into the rafters and settled back over the stage.
Ehen it faded, she felt as if the space had handed her voice back to her,
clearer than before.
   ...ThatBs the line,: she whispered, and wrote it down before it could
get away.
2W EHPN THP ALLUADVP FACPV OYL5 OYL5  --?

   Gy mid-afternoon the stage was alive again, techs shouting cues,
6oor lights pulsing in rehearsal rhythm, the scent of ozone and coJee
thick in the air. NovaBs mic waited at center stage, its cord looped
neatly like an obedient pet.

   #regBs voice reached her before he did. ...5ouBre trending in four
languages. Ee need a post today.:

   Vhe didnBt turn. ...Ee need a rehearsal.:
   He climbed onto the stage, phone already in his hand, eyes 6icking
between screens. ...'t doesnBt have to say much. A lyric line, a selje, a
grainy backstage shot " anything that keeps you in control of the story
before the internet writes it for you.:
   Nova kept her gaze on the empty seats, the way the light cut
through the dust. ...HeBs not a story.:
   #reg eMhaled through his nose. ...Pverything is a story, Nova. At least
let it be your version. #ive them something, caption, an emoSi, 3orse
code, ' donBt care. 4ust post.:
   Vhe jnally looked at him. ...No.:
   He blinked. ...PMcuse me :
   ...' said no. 'Bm not throwing him into the feed because youBre
nervous about optics.:
   ...'Bm nervous about your career,: he shot back. ...Glank silence looks
guilty. 5ou hired me to keep you standing, and right now standing
means staying visible.:
   ...' hired you to manage schedules and contracts,: she said evenly.
...'Bll manage my conscience.:
   For a moment, the stage hummed louder than either of them.
   #reg dropped his gaze to the phone, Saw tight. ...Fine,: he said at last.
...4ust donBt make it worse.:
   ...'Bll make it music,: she said.
--W  q. H. GqAVHPAq

   He nodded once, almost imperceptibly, then walked oJ, his voice
rising as he barked orders to a tech.

   Ehen the noise died down again, Nova sat on the edge of the stage,
legs dangling over the side, and picked up her phone.

   A new message blinked from Lie Cate.

     Hope   osun dcedh k   iskeqet qcru qco  e
     dcrkt  a

     Her mouth curved.

          .rteBla .sq y Iosun r dotuet oI qce   qrfe uog
          -onl-   s  kufa

     His reply came almost instantly.
                                              --crq-   trtea --srtn kqa

     Vhe stared at the words, thumb hovering before she typed.

          bruq qo cert crq kq   osun   Bkhe ceu qce
          uok  e   qop  '

     A pause.

                   yI qcrq k   ru kuTkqrqkouG y Wrl rBternl -e ku
                   qtos-Bea
2W EHPN THP ALLUADVP FACPV OYL5 OYL5  --

   Her smile deepened.

         w?et qce   coa y kBB   eun   oWeqckufa

   Vhe slipped her phone into her Sacket, looked out over the empty
seats, and whispered, ...ThatBs the plan.:

   Gy the time she reached the hotel, the streets had thinned to passing
headlights and the hum of tra c.

   The hotel suite was still half-lit from the mirror bulbs she hadnBt
bothered to turn oJ. A bouIuet of congratulatory roses drooped in
its vase beside the untouched catering tray. A thin hint of hairspray
hung in the air, the last trace of the stage.

   Nova kicked oJ her boots, letting them fall. Her pulse still ran too
fast, a low thrum in her ears from the lights and noise. Vhe pressed her
jngers to her temples and waited for it to slow.

   The room stayed loud inside her for a while.
   Pventually, her breathing slowed.
   Vhe crossed to the window and pulled the curtain back an inch.
The ocean outside was a dark mirror, the pier lights trembling across
the surface. Vomewhere below, a delivery truck hissed down the street.
The normality of it felt like mercy.
   Yn the vanity sat her guitar, eMactly where 3arcy had left it that
morning after checking the tuning ...Sust in case.: Nova smiled, sat, and
let the strap fall across her shoulder.
   Vhe strummed once, soft, ragged, the sound too small for an arena
and right for a hotel room.
   Then another chord, gentler. The air conditioner provided the
beat.
--  q. H. GqAVHPAq

   Her phone waited beside the roses. Vhe hit record.
   ...Ykay,: she murmured, voice hoarse from the night. ...Yne more
before ' lose it.:
   The mic clicked on, and she played the lines that had followed her
all dayR

    That look on your face gave me my first quiet morning,
    I kept it safe like a note between the pages.
    If the world gets loud, I'll read it in the spaces between pages,
    That look on your face, that look on your face.

   The words 6oated back through the room, thinner and truer than
she eMpected. Vhe let the last chord die before stopping the recording.

   For a moment she Sust listened to the soft ring in her ears, the ocean
below, the faint hum of electricity in the lights.

   Vhe trimmed the clip down to eleven seconds. No title, no emoSis,
no eMplanation. 4ust the sound.

   Her thumbs hovered over the keyboard, then she typedR

    yu dr  e los ueenen qck   qoukfcqa

   Vend.
   The message disappeared into the dark, carried by signals and satel-
lites she didnBt care to imagine.
   Nova set the phone face down and leaned back in the chair. For the
jrst time all night, the room felt still enough to breathe in.
CHAPTER E  IHT

          I didn't know I was tired until someone let me rest.
                   - Nova Hart, "Still," unreleased
                                   NOVA

                          ***

A knock, then the soft click of a keycard.
   Marcy swept in like the start of a storm, hair in a battle-ready knot,

tote slung over one shoulder, scissors clipped to her pocket. "Tell me
you did not make pod co"ee again,N Marcy said, already toeing o" her
boots.

   Yova twisted the cap back on her water bottle. "Bou are such a
co"ee snob. Iut x did. xt was an ejperiment in humility.N

   Marcy snorted, unpacking a practiced Surry of brushes, pins, and
labeled Rars.

   "Bou are humble enough. And also cruel. Admit it tastes vaguely
Sammable.N

   Yova laughed. "Hays the woman who weighs her co"ee grounds as
if she is performing surgery.N

   "Accuracy matters,N Marcy said. "Hit.N
----  E. 6. IEAH6?AE

   Yova obeyed. The vanity lights hummed around them, casting
their warm-white glow.

   Marcy draped the cape around her shoulders, then paused. "Yew
necklaceJN

   Yova touched it once O a small gold cross, thin enough to disap-
pear under a collar. "Yot new,N she said. "qust wearing it again.N

   Marcy looked at her in the mirror for a half second longer than
necessary, then reached for her brush. "'kay.N

   "Bou look like you slept,N Marcy said.
   "x did. Yo restless dreams. qust Duiet.N
   That made Marcy glance up in the mirror. "Bou havenCt said that
since the pandemic.N
   "GonCt throw confetti,N Yova said. "Fould be a Suke.N
   Marcy spun the chair toward the window, where a strip of ocean
shimmered beyond the glass. "Ietter view. Ho, whatCs todayCs circusJN
   "Eehearsals, ...ttings, radio, PregCs damage-control tour.N
   "Mm. Flassic,N Marcy clipped a section of hair. "Vor someone who
sings in front of sijty thousand people, youCve been awfully inside
your own head lately.N
   Yova o"ered a faint smile. "Maybe xCm listening.N
   "To whatJN
   "Yot feeling chased.N
   MarcyCs brow lifted. "And what ejactly lives in there latelyJN
   Yova hesitated, then gave in to the look Marcy was giving her.
"Vine. The last two days have been di"erent.N
   MarcyCs eyebrow lifted. "Gi"erent like 2 Wie PuyJN
   Yova let out a small breath of amusement. "Go not start.N
   Marcy smiled without looking up. "Too late. Po on.N
   Yova turned toward the window, watching sunlight creep across
the carpet.
LU 76?Y T6? AWWzA8H? VAG?H F'WB F'WB  --9

   "Ireakfast that didnCt feel like work. A conversation where nobody
was performing. 6e paid attention like he actually ejpected me to be
real.N

   Hhe traced the edge of the window frame with her ...nger. "6e
actually thinks before he talks.N

   A smile played on MarcyCs lips, but she said nothing, continuing to
work through her hair.

   YovaCs voice softened, wondering aloud. "6eCs older. Iut it doesnCt
feel o".N 6er lips curved into a slight smile. "6e made co"ee as if
it mattered. And there was pie. Yo plates. Yo pretending. 7e ate
straight from the tin, Marcy.N

   Hhe glanced back at Marcy. "Homehow that made it feel honest.N
   MarcyCs ga e met hers in the reSection, warm and unsurprised. "Ho
he is the opposite of everything your life looks like right now.N
   Yova ejhaled, almost laughing. "Bes. That is it. xt felt normal in a
way x forgot x missed.N
   Marcy didnCt answer right away. Hhe kept working, ...ngers precise.
   "Bou know theyCll pick him apart, rightJN
   YovaCs smile paused in the mirror. "7hoJN
   "The internet.N Hnip. "Age. Iackground. Fhurch attendance.
7hether he tips twenty percent or nineteen.N Hhe met YovaCs eyes in
the reSection. "TheyCll Poogle his lawn.N
   Yova let out a breath that almost passed for a laugh. "6eCs not
running for o ce.N
   "Yo,N Marcy said gently. "6eCs Rust standing nejt to you.N
   Yova looked down at her hands. "6e didnCt ask for that.N
   "?jactly.N
   Marcy placed her hand on YovaCs shoulder for a moment. "xCm not
telling you to stop. xCm telling you to know the cost before you call it
simple.N
--  E. 6. IEAH6?AE

   Yova nodded once. "xt didnCt feel complicated.N
   MarcyCs mouth softened. "ThatCs usually when it is.N
   Hhe kept talking before she reali ed how much she had said. About
the ocean air. The chairs. The way he listened.
   Marcy did not interrupt. Hhe did not have to.
   7hen Yova ...nally caught herself smiling, she looked down and
tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
   "7e Rust tejted,N she said.
   MarcyCs reSection met hers in the mirror, one corner of her mouth
lifting. "Hure you did.N
   They settled into the rhythm of snips and the hum of the air unit.
   After a few minutes, Marcy spoke again, voice softer. "7rite it
down, whatever it is. Two lines. ?ven if it is trash.N
   Yova smiled. "Bou are bossy.N
   "Forrect. Also, eat something that is not air.N
   Yova laughed. "Bou sound like my conscience.N
   "x am your conscience with better shoes.N
   Marcy packed her tools, kissed YovaCs cheek, and said, "Tejt me
after the ...ttings. Try not to let Preg turn your life into a press release.N
   7hen the door clicked shut, Yova turned back to the mirror. The
ocean Sashed behind her, endless and bright. 6er phone lay on the
vanity, screen dark.
   Hhe tapped it once. The screen ...lled with his name.

                           Heard   it .i  SS lear  hn   it

    glereT 'seil  hn o l'mSd aI uey're il  
    n'e ahI ymrilert

                   b'i i'h  nlit fmi ' I'm Nh'Jt
LU 76?Y T6? AWWzA8H? VAG?H F'WB F'WB  --

                     o s'ke S'J Jlere sI damnlier    w'hv
                     werhedt

   Yova read the message twice. The smile emerged, then stayed. Hhe
closed the screen and whispered to her reSection, "Pood.N
CHAPTER   N  E

                      The rushing of the ocean waves
                       is just what I need to breathe,

                         I left my noise in the city
                       and found what I can't keep.
           - Nova Hart, from "That Look on Your Face"

                                   NOVA

                          ***

The morning after the concert, Nova woke with the strange feeling
that she had actually rested. Elliot's text waited on her phone like a
held breath:

   I move slow where my daughter is concerned.
   She read it three times, thumb tracing the words. No rejection. Just
truth. The kind she hadn't heard in years.
   By noon, a local radio spot had been canceled, cracking the schedule
open. A rare empty afternoon opened after last night's show up the
coast. Greg was in meetings. Reid was checking the perimeter. She
looked at the coastal road on her map app, then at the diner pin she'd
saved weeks ago.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY                               71

She texted Reid:

Heading   t oOeancides .aOB kb eyenings

Reid answered without delay.
               vt   aNtnes l ItNNtf a   a dic  anOe tw nt gts

Nova typed back:

     rktA     ft and a uaNI utAwc Otac  aN wtA  es vt
     Otnytbs l need   uics

A pause, then:

           hwaOBing c  abc tns HtAwNb OueOBTincs one deT
           yia  itn and l -ANN btA kaOBs

                                    -tn--   --aBe   uic a uaki  s

She exhaled, thumbs hovering, then:
     -eaNs
72  R. H. BRASHEAR

   Then she drove. Nearly three hours of open road ahead, windows
down, the sea breathing beside her, Reid's black SUV a small shadow
in her rearview every few miles.

   She checked her mirrors once, then again.
   Old habit. The phone buzzed on the passenger seat and she left it
face down. Two hours of road and she let herself pretend, just brieMy,
that she was nobody in particular going somewhere ordinary.
   At the --rst stoplight into town, a car eased up beside her. 3u-
sic spilled out 0 her own voice, soft and unmistakable. The driver
sang along, smiling at the road, oblivious. Nova reached forward and
turned o? her radio. The silence swallowed the melody.
   Oceanside came into view, steady, and salt-worn, like it had been
waiting for her. The diner sign buzzed, half-lit and stubborn, brave
against the wind.
   She pulled into the small gravel lot beside the diner. Tires crunched.
The windows glowed warmly against the early afternoon light.
   Nova took one steady breath.
   Then she texted Reid.
   I made it. I am going inside for a bit.
   She had texted Elliot only one line earlier: Heading your way. Diner,
2:""q
   His reply had been simple: I'll be there.
   She slipped her phone into her pocket before she could overthink
it. She crossed the lot before she could reconsider it.
   The bell above the door chimed as she stepped inside.
   Inside, the diner was almost empty. A few stools lined the counter.
The lights were soft and a little dim. The air smelled like co?ee and
syrup and salt.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  7"

   Elliot sat near the window with a folded newspaper in his hands.
When he looked up, surprise Mickered across his face, then settled into
something calmer. Relief, maybe. Or recognition.

   Before Nova could speak, Doreen stepped out from behind the
counter. Her eyes widened in recognition, but her voice stayed easy.

   4Well,5 Doreen said. 4I wondered if the waves might bring you
back.5

   Nova smiled, unsure. 4You remember meq5
   4Hard to forget the morning we ran out of pancakes because of
you,5 Doreen said, and she winked. 4Co?ee.5
   Nova nodded.
   Doreen leaned in just a little. 4He has been in that seat for a while,5
she whispered. 4Straightened that paper twice. Go on.5
   Nova walked to the table and slid into the booth across from Elliot.
   For a second, neither of them spoke.
   Then Elliot exhaled. 4Hi.5
   4Hi,5 Nova said. Her voice came out smaller than she wanted.
   Doreen brought a mug and placed it in front of Nova.
   4On the house,5 Doreen said. 4And don't worry. Nobody here is
looking for trouble.5
   Nova's shoulders eased. 4Thank you.5
   Doreen nodded once and returned to the counter like she was
guarding the entire room.
   Elliot kept his eyes on Nova. 4Are you sure it's a good idea to be
hereq5
   4Probably not,5 Nova said. 4I missed places that sound like this.5
   Elliot folded the newspaper and set it aside. 4Then let us keep it
honest.5
   Nova held his gaze a second longer than she meant to.
   4I don't know how to do this uietly,5 she admitted.
7  R. H. BRASHEAR

   Elliot didn't answer right away. He leaned back, eyes steady on hers.
   4Then we learn,5 he said. 4One honest moment at a time.5
   She nodded, as if that sounded possible.
   They started small. Co?ee beans. Weather. A broken fence down
the street.
   Then slower.
   4Sarah used to say the ocean sounded like starting over,5 he said
 uietly.
   Nova traced the rim of her mug. 43y mom said the same about
rain.5
   They talked in the kind of slow rhythm that asked nothing of either
of them. Small things gave way to bigger ones, spoken slowly and
with care: the pain after loss, love that ended too soon, daughters who
worried, and parents who were gone.
   A burst of static snapped from the speaker above the counter. A
host's voice was halfway through a sentence about the diner photo
when it cut out.
   Doreen moved fast, switching the station without looking at Nova,
as if she had done it a hundred times before.
   Nova held back a laugh. 4She is uick.5
   Elliot nodded. 4She is kind.5
   After a while, the door opened and the bell rang again. A small
group walked in, laughing. One of them glanced toward Nova. His
eyes widened.
   Doreen stepped forward at once, cheerful.
   4Afternoon,5 she said, and steered them toward the far end of the
counter. She started talking fast about pie and daily specials, as if she
had thrown a blanket over a spark.
   Nova watched it happen. She met Elliot's eyes.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  7

   43aybe we should go,5 Nova said uietly. 4Before this stops feeling
simple.5

   Elliot nodded.
   He left cash under the co?ee cups. Doreen caught Nova's hand as
they passed.
   4The beach is better company anyway,5 Doreen whispered. 4Go on
now. You have good company tonight.5
   Nova s ueezed her hand back. 4Thank you.5
   Elliot pushed the door open.
   The late afternoon air rolled in, cool and salty.
   Nova stepped outside with him, the door swinging shut behind
them, the ocean louder now than anything calling her name online.
CHAPTER TE  

                I didn't bring my armor to the shoreline.
                 Just my bare feet and whatever was left.
                  - Nova Hart, "Low Tide," draft 1

                          ***

Near the edge of the sand, they took oi the.r shoesC loop gra.ns
uressed vnder No'aws feet, and the met sand st.pp hepd the past marbth
of the day as the t.de tvrned caFkC

   Tor a mh.pe, they d.d not sueakC
   zhe ceaFh asked noth.ng frob theb cvt to stay thereC zhe hor."on
stretFhed ahead, the sea cpvrr.ng .nto the fad.ng skyC I"tws strange,W she
sa.dC IEhen the no.se stous, " hear mhat "w'e ceen a'o.d.ngCW
   Mpp.ot matFhed the svrf ropp .nC IBayce thatws mhy ueoupe a'o.d
st.ppnessCW
   No'a pet that s.t cetmeen thebC
   Ea'es ropped o'er the.r footur.nts apbost as soon as they auuearedC
   I" depeted the auus th.s born.ng,W No'a sa.dC IAefore " Fovpd tapk
bysepf ovt of .tCW
   Mpp.ot gpanFed at herC IVpp of thebCW
2H EPMN zPM VLLUVSDM TVOMD lYL7 lYL7  GG

   IEepp, at peast the povd ones,W she sa.d m.th a sbapp pavghC Ijreg st.pp
sends vudatesC Avt " donwt ha'e to matFh the morpd yepp anyboreCW

   Dhe shrvggedC I"wpp urocacpy add theb caFk ton.ghtC " st.pp need to
knom mhatws go.ng onCW

   Izhe no.se .s st.pp there,W Mpp.ot sa.dC I7ov -vst hear yovrsepf cetter
m.thovt .tCW

   No'a sb.pedC I" th.nk " Fovpd get vsed to thatCW
   zhey mapked Fposer to the materC zhe t.de tovFhed the.r ankpesC
lopd svrged vu her pegs, sharu enovgh to snatFh the a.r frob her pvngs,
and she pavghed cefore she Fovpd stou hersepfC
   IEhen " mas a k.d,W No'a sa.d, Iby bob vsed to cr.ng be to the
FoastC Ee stayed .n a t.ny rentap hovse domn .n Dovth larop.naC No
sFhedvpeC No reap reason to hvrry anymhereC " thovght .t mas cor.ngCW
   Mpp.ot ga'e a sbapp sb.peC IVnd nomCW
   INom " movpd g.'e anyth.ng for one bore cor.ng svbber,W she
sa.dC IAefore e'ery feep.ng tvrned .nto a headp.neCW
   Mpp.ot d.d not ansmer r.ght amayC Pe pet the s.penFe stretFhC
   IDhe vsed to s.ng mh.pe she Fooked,W No'a sa.dC IYpd hybns, bostq
pyC Per 'o.Fe mas not uerfeFt, cvt she beant e'ery mordCW
   Dhe smappomedC IVfter she d.ed, " tr.ed s.ng.ng theb aga.nC "t fept
strange after thatC U.ke the mords ceponged to sobeone cra'er than
beCW
   Mpp.ot matFhed the materC IBy m.fe d.d that too,W he sa.d Jv.etpyC
IDhe hvbbed mh.pe she fopded pavndryC Dobet.bes " st.pp FatFh bysepf
ma.t.ng for .tCW
   Izhat bvst st.pp hvrtCW
   Pe noddedC IDobe days .t s.ts Jv.etpy .n the caFkgrovndC Dobe
days .tws app " Fan hearCW
   zhere mas no desua.r .n h.s 'o.FeC Rvst trvth, Farr.ed FarefvppyC
G?  8C PC A8VDPMV8

   IEhen th.ngs feep hea'y,W No'a sa.d, I" st.pp try to urayC " donwt
apmays ha'e mordsC " -vst mh.suer p.ke she vsed toC Dobet.bes .tws the
onpy th.ng that spoms by b.nd domnCW

   Mpp.ot creathed .n spompyC IBayce urayer .snwt apmays Ferta.nty,W he
sa.dC IBayce sobet.bes .tws -vst not mant.ng to d.sauuearCW

   No'a pooked domn at the mater at her feetC IOo yov th.nk jod
p.stens9W

   I" do,W he sa.dC IM'en mhen me donwt knom mhat to sayCW
   Dhe nodded, spom and thovghtfvpC I" th.nk " stouued cep.e'.ng Pe
mas FposeCW
   Mpp.ot d.dnwt rvsh to Kpp thatC
   IBayce the no.se -vst got povd,W No'a sa.dC
   zhe t.de reaFhed theb aga.n, Foop and steadyC No'a tvrned tomard
h.bC
   Izhank yov,W she sa.d softpyC ITor not need.ng be to say sobeth.ng
app the t.beCW
   Mpp.otws sb.pe mas spom to forb, morn at the edges, cvt reapC
   Pe mas Jv.et for a bobent after that, matFh.ng the materC zhen he
suoke aga.n, Farefvppy, the may he d.d mhen sobeth.ng batteredC
   Izhere .s sobeth.ng " shovpd sayC Aefore th.s goes any fvrtherCW
   No'a tvrned tomard h.bC
   Izh.s .s reap to be,W he sa.dC I" mant yov to knom thatCW
   Pe pooked ovt at the mater for a bobent cefore Font.nv.ngC
   I" donwt bo'e fast,W he sa.dC INot ceFavse "wb vnFerta.nC " -vst
knom mhat poss does to ueoupeCW
   P.s 'o.Fe stayed e'en, cvt Jv.eter nomC
   IVfter by m.fe d.ed, lpara and " coth pearned hom to svr'.'e .t
d.ierentpyC Dhews st.pp Knd.ng her foot.ng sobet.besC Do ab "CW
   Pe bet No'aws eyes aga.nC
   I" -vst need yov to knom mhat yovwre mapk.ng tomardCW
2H EPMN zPM VLLUVSDM TVOMD lYL7 lYL7  Gx

   No'a hepd h.s ga"eC zhe t.de bo'ed cetmeen theb, steady and
.nd.ierentC

   Izhank yov,W she sa.d Jv.etpyC ITor tepp.ng be the trvth .nstead of
bak.ng .t eas.erCW

   I7ov sa.d yov mere t.red of uretend.ngCW
   I" d.d,W she sa.dC I" beant .tCW
   Dhe pooked ovt at the mater for a bobent, then caFk at h.bC I"wb
not ask.ng yov to bo'e fastC "wb -vst ask.ng yov not to d.sauuearCW
   I" topd yov,W he sa.dC I" ab good at stay.ng uvtCW
   Dhe nodded onFe, as .f that settped sobeth.ngC zhen she steuued
Fposer and mrauued her arbs arovnd h.bC
   Mpp.ot hepd her Farefvppy, one hand marb aga.nst her caFkC Ne.ther
of theb hvrr.ed to pet goC
   Ijoodn.ght, Mpp.ot,W she sa.dC
   Ijoodn.ght, No'a,W he ansmeredC
   No'a got .nto her Far and sat for a bobent m.th coth hands on the
mheepC Dhe matFhed h.b .n the b.rror as he tvrned tomard the u.erC
   Dhe d.d not start the eng.ne r.ght amayC
   Dhe ouened her 'o.Fe bebo auu and mh.suered, IUom t.deC 0eeu
the bepody s.bupeCW
   zhen she hvbbed a p.ne that bo'ed m.th the ma'esC
   zhe notes Fabe spompy at Krst, then settped .nto upaFeC
   Dhe sa'ed the Kpe and tyued a t.tpeC
   Low Tide, draft one.
   No'a rested her forehead aga.nst the steer.ng mheepC Per urayer mas
bore creath than mordsC
   Izhank 7ov, jod, for the Fapb,W she mh.sueredC IPepu be not to
pose .tCW
   Ehen she p.fted her head, Mpp.ot stood near the seamapp, h.s shovpq
ders sp.ghtpy rovnded aga.nst the n.ght, h.s ga"e K ed on the dark materC
?  8C PC A8VDPMV8

   Pe d.d not pook caFkC
   Dhe mas gratefvp for thatC
   zhe bobent needed noth.ng epse to ce reapC
   No'a started the eng.ne and uvpped onto the Foastap roadC zhe oFean
stayed ces.de her, steady and fa.thfvp, app the may ovt of tomnC
CHAPTER E  ELEV

                        I kept the quiet like a secret.
             - Nova Hart, "Without You," unreleased

                          ***

Weeks passed, and the quiet she had found in Oceanside became
memory. Nova and Elliot kept gndinw each other in small -ays,
latexniwht teIts, voice notes, and photos of the sea. Nothinw public or
dramatic, only -ords that felt steady in a -orld that moved too fast.
Mn those messawes, the noise of fame faded for a -hile, replaced by the
calm she had felt on his porch.

   Sean-hile, That Look on Your Face kept climbinw, reachinw numx
ber one in country after country until the -orld claimed it as its
o-n. Every chart update came -ith headlines and intervie-s she did
not -ant to read. 'he silenced the notigcations, turned her phone
face do-n, and tried to remember the sound of the -aves outside
ElliotTs house, the -ay her shoulders had gnally loosened there. 'he
had re-ritten the bridwe t-ice since Oceanside. 'he ne- version said
thinws she hadnjt planned to say.

   'he had Rust gnished her main set.
2"  H. B. AH8'BE8H

   'he arena pulsed like a livinw thinw. 'iIty thousand voices tanwled
in the dark, risinw hiwher.

   !We -ant Nova" We -ant Nova"L
   Nova stood Rust behind the curtain for her second and gnal encore,
wuitar strap tiwht awainst her shoulder, palms damp. 'he Yoor vibrated
as the last notes of the transitional track faded a-ay.
   Sarcy appeared at her shoulder, headset pushed back, o?erinw a
bottle of -ater.
   !Gast chance to back out,L she -hispered. !zou sure you -ant to wo
-ith the ne- versionCL
   Nova took the bottle, her wrip steady. !MTm sure.L
   Sarcy studied her, somethinw soft and kno-inw in her eyes.
   !Okay,L she said. !'hen sinw it to them as it -as wiven to you.L
   Nova steadied her pulse, gnwers tiwhteninw on the wuitar strap.
   Sarcy nudwed her arm. !Po chanwe somethinw out there.L
   'he stawe manawer called time.
   Heid moved a fe- paces behind, scanninw the -inws and the eIits,
then wave a small nod to the cre-. When his eyes met hers, he didnTt
speak. 'he westure -as enouwh.
   Nova moved to-ard the curtain, straiwhteninw her shoulders as the
noise s-elled beyond it.
   Ber heart kept time -ith the liwhts. On the screens above the stawe,
a loopinw video played pieces of her past, press clips, red carpets, mawx
aVine covers, small frawments of the -oman she used to be. 'he cro-d
shouted her name in -aves.
   'he -aited for the cue, chin lifted, eyes closed.
   'he voice in her earpiece said, !WeTre live. Uue Nova.L
   'he stepped for-ard.
   'he liwhts struck her face, hot and blindinw, forcinw her to blink.
'he roar rose and folded over itself. Fhones lit the air like a thousand
D" WBEN 'BE 8FFG83'E 48"E' UOFz UOFz           25

tiny mirrors. 4or a moment she could see only blur and color. 'hen,
as her eyes adRusted, the siwns came into focus.

WHO IS HE
WE LOVE YOU NOVA
THAT LOOK ON YOUR FACE
SING IT AGAIN
THAT LOOK LIVE

   'he smiled because she had to. 'he noise -as a storm, and she -as
its liwhtninw rod, carryinw the charwe alone.

   Nova lifted her wuitar a little hiwher and stepped to-ard the mic.
   !8ll riwht,L she said, voice steady. !One more for toniwht.L
   'he cro-d surwed, a miI of cheers and playful wroans.
   !'his one means somethinw di?erent to me no-.L
   'he noise softened, as if siIty thousand people leaned in at once.
   'he let her gnwers settle on the wuitar.
   'he band -ent still.
   'he last of the transition music faded out.
   'he stawe fell into a lo-, -aitinw hush. 'he liwhts dimmed until
only a sinwle amber beam held her in its center.
   'he strummed once. 'he lone chord cut throuwh the dark like
a match beinw struck. Mt -as still the sonw they kne-, only quieter,
openinw on the same verse, -ith a ne- bridwe she had -ritten in the
silence.

"Peace has come over me like a gentle flame."

   Ber voice -ove throuwh the rafters, thin at grst, then stronwer as
the melody found its footinw. 'he arranwement -as spare, -ith only
26  H. B. AH8'BE8H

acoustic wuitar, soft piano, and a brush of strinws. Every note felt like
a confession.

   4aces in the cro-d tilted to-ard the stawe, phone screens liftinw like
stars. 4lashliwhts Yicked on, spreadinw in uneven -aves. 'ome s-ayed,
arms raised, holdinw the liwht steady as if it mattered.

   Nova sanw the neIt lines, her waVe driftinw beyond the spotliwhts.
'he briwhtness made it hard to see the audience, yet she could sense
them. 'he atmosphere shifted. Uuriosity bent into stillness.

   8s she sanw, imawes rose in her mind, "oreen behind the counter,
the smell of -arm pie and co?ee, Elliotjs calm eyes liftinw to hers
-ithout hurry, -aves foldinw awainst the shore. Not memories. Echoes
of peace she could hold onto as the sonw moved throuwh her.

   Balf-ay throuwh the sonw, she felt a tremor of uncertainty. 'he
lyrics -ere ra-. Not polished. Not approved. Ber throat tiwhtened,
but she did not stop.

   Ber gnwers slipped once on a chord. Mt -as barely noticeable. 'he
felt it like a pulse of honesty.

   8s the last note of the verse faded, she leaned to-ard the microx
phone and let the music breathe around her.

   !'his sonw came to me -hen everythinw felt loud,L she said softly.
!'he quiet sho-ed me ho- to sinw it back. M Rust -anted to remember
-hat peace sounds like.L

   'he arena stayed still. 'he eased into the neIt prowression, her voice
soft as she moved into the bridwe. 7Bere is the part M only sinw -hen it
is quiet.7

   'he strummed the gnal chord of the bridwe. Mt ranw into the rafters.
'he lifted her hand from the strinws.

   'he wuitar fell silent.
   'he spotliwht tiwhtened.
   'iIty thousand people -aited -ithout a sound.
D" WBEN 'BE 8FFG83'E 48"E' UOFz UOFz                               2

'he sanw the last lines a cappella, her voice bare and tremblinw.

I do not have to carry this alone.
Even though I am gone, He still knows my name.

   Ber voice cauwht on the last -ord, risinw Rust enouwh to carry across
the silence. 'ome-here behind the curtain, someone -ent very still.

   8s she sanw it, her hand rose to her chest -ithout thinkinw. 8 small,
unplanned westure full of sincerity.

   'he arena held its breath in froVen quiet, then the eruption crashed
for-ard.

   Nova stepped back, let the last of the quiet settle inside her, and
-hispered, !'hank you.L

   'he pressed her hand brieYy to her chest awain, then lifted her eyes
to the front ro-s, meetinw a fe- faces. 8 small smile found her before
she could stop it.

   'he liwhts eIploded to full -hite. 'he storm returned in shouts
and applause and camera Yashes. zet beneath it all she felt somethinw
steady, a small core of peace no one could take from her.

   'he band slipped into the soft outro they used to close the niwht, a
wentle rise of instruments meant to carry the cro-d throuwh the gnal
applause. Nova stepped back from the mic, o?erinw a small -ave as
the arena roared.

   'he -alked o?stawe as the music s-elled behind her, the sound of
siIty thousand voices liftinw and fallinw like a tide. 'he concert -as
over. 'he moment she had created -as not.

   Aackstawe -as chaos.
   One of the younwer cre- members near the curtain wlanced do-n
at her phone as Nova stepped past. 8 fan video of the gnal line had
2  H. B. AH8'BE8H

already appeared on her feed, shaky and briwht -ith stawe liwht. 'he
wirl tucked her phone a-ay quickly, eyes a little -ide.

   Prew cauwht her half-ay do-n the corridor, tablet already vibratinw
-ith messawes.

   "The crowd loved it, fine, sure, but what was that last line? 'He still
knows my name'? Nova, the label was watching the live stream. They saw
the a cappella moment, the hand to your chest. Every executive started
texting at once."

   Nova pulled the monitors from her ears. "It was honest."
   Greg followed her, waving the tablet like a warning flare. "Honest
is fine in interviews. Not for live lyrics that sound like prayer. Fans are
tagging it as worship. Bloggers are asking if you went faith based. PR is
begging for clarification. They want to know if you are pivoting genres.
They want to know if this is a faith era. Sponsors already want answers."
   Crew members rushed past, congratulating her and setting up lights
for interviews she had not agreed to. Someone pressed a towel into her
hands. She blinked at it, then looked down the hallway at the glowing
exit sign.
   "Nova, they want you live in five for post show coverage," Greg said.
   She gave a small smile. "Tell them I already said what I needed to."

                          ***

'he air smelled of -et asphalt and electricity.
   Nova stepped into the storm. Hain struck her, cool and sharp,

pullinw s-eat and stawe heat from her skin. 'he noise of the arena
softened behind the concrete -alls. 8ll she could hear -as the steady
rhythm of rain.
D" WBEN 'BE 8FFG83'E 48"E' UOFz UOFz  2

   'he '3D -aited under the overhanw, enwine runninw, headliwhts
lo-. 8 small wroup of dedicated fans stood behind metal barricades
across the loadinw lane, umbrellas tilted, posters pressed to their chests.
'hey had left the sho- early to wet a place at the stawe door.

   8t the front, a wirl held her phone hiwh, recordinw -ith both hands.
   'he wuitar -as still in NovaTs hands, the one she had carried o?x
stawe. Water wathered on the polished -ood. 'he lo-ered it wently to
the wround, her gnwers brushinw the strinws as if the sonw -ere still
movinw throuwh them. 'he -hispered the lyric awain. 7Feace has come
over me like a wentle Yame.7
   Uamera Yashes Yickered at the far edwe of the loadinw dock. 'omex
one had found her. 'he did not hide. 'he rain felt like a baptism.
   Mn her chest, the melody kept circlinw. Even thouwh M am wone, Be
still kno-s my name.
   'he closed her eyes and let the moment settle.
   Heid hovered a fe- steps back, wivinw her space -hile -atchinw the
fans. PrewTs voice wrumbled from the corridor behind them. 'he fans
held their breath, phones ready to capture a moment, -aitinw for even
a sinwle wlance.
   Nova took a slo-, steady breath. 'he let the rain -ash the wlitter
from her skin and did not reach for her phone.
   'he lifted her face to the rain awain and -hispered, !'hank zou for
gndinw me awain.L
   'he storm ans-ered in its o-n rhythm, risinw and fallinw, a sound
older than applause.
   'he smiled throuwh it, not radiant but real.
   8 fe- yards a-ay near the stawe door, the wirl -ith the phone
lo-ered her umbrella. When she sa- Nova step into the rain, she froVe,
eyes -ide.
   Nova o?ered her a small, tired smile as she passed.
22  H. B. AH8'BE8H

   7'hat -as beautiful,7 the wirl said, her voice threadinw throuwh the
rain Rust enouwh to reach her.

   'he -alked to-ard the -aitinw car, rain -ashinw over her, kno-inw
the storm inside the arena had only Rust bewun.
CHAPTER T  EWLE

              Mercy has a voice; I hear it through the quiet.
            The distance between us sparks beneath the riot.
             Now that we're apart, I can feel the start of us.
    Maybe this beginning comes with you breaking my glass heart.

                  - Nova Hart, from "Glass Heart"
               Trending #2 worldwide, heading to #1

                          ***

Elliot Brooks had returned to normal.
   At least, that was what he told himself while standing in the clean-

ing products aisle of Martin's Grocery, holding two nearly identical
bottles of laundry detergent as if one of them contained the answer.

   The overhead lights buzzed with a faint Sicker, casting everything
in a tired yellow wash. A toddler in a cart practiced siren noises, rising
and falling like a runaway ambulance, while his mother bargained with
a pack of paper towels. Romewhere behind Elliot, a stock cart rattled
over a loose tile. The air smelled faintly of oranges from the produce
section and Soor cleaner that never fully evaporated.
0Y  H. 9. BHAR9EAH

   qet something had shifted inside his head. The Iuiet no longer felt
empty. xt paused, like the moment after a song ended, when you were
not ready for the ne:t sound.

   9e dropped a bottle of laundry soap into the cart, double-checked
that it was unscented, and moved on.

   The cafe post had burned through its moment weeks agoN a burst
of hearts, a local headline, a handful of harmless conspiracy theories,
and then silence. That Look on Your Face had been out for two months
and showed no sign of slowing. Romewhere in that same stretch, 'ova
had dropped Glass Heart Iuietly. xt was already moving. The internet
found brighter Dres to chase. ElliotLs face, or rather, the back of his
head, had long been replaced.

   9e was Dne with that.
   At the checkout, Coreen from 9arbor Èight "af", o?-duty with
her hair in a messy bun and groceries balanced in her arms, recognized
him. PMorning, Mr. Brooks,j she said with a half-smile. PÈife holding
upOj
   9e hesitated. PAlways does.j
   PRhe was nice,j Coreen said, nudging a loaf of bread forward with
her wrist as the plastic crinkled. PThat singer girl. Tipped big. 'ot all
of them do.j
   PRhe was polite,j he agreed.
   PVolite don't cost nothing,j Coreen said. PBut she meant it. qou
could tell.j Then, as if realizing she had wandered into something
private, she winked. PRee you Runday.j
   Elliot nodded and left with his bag, the bell above the door giving
its familiar 2angle.
   Wutside, the air had the chill that made the sea smell clean. The
boardwalk was half-empty, gulls staking their claims on railings. Wne
of them hopped sideways as he passed, eyeing his bag like it had a
UF 19E' T9E AVVÈA"RE 3ACER "WVq "WVq              0J

personal vendetta. 9e took the usual route past the bookstore and
down to the overlook.

   Everything was the same. Wnly he was not.
   9e wondered how long before the world circled back.
   And whether he would still be standing when it did.
   9e stopped at the overlook, bag dangling at his side, and watched
the water break in slow, patient curls. The sea sounded di?erent today,
a rhythmic surge that rose and fell like steady breathing. The wind
brushed against his collar, carrying the faint sting of salt on his skin.
   9is phone buzzed. HeSe: made him reach for it. xt was 'ova.

Does   te oheca s  nii solau   te scdem

9e almost laughed. Wf course she would ask that.

                            ?ode  ndes n   cSrles gn  t n  seiwf
   9e leaned against the railing, the metal cool enough to prickle
against his forearms, thumbs hovering.

                          ...   iecs   n   eaus na Aeche dos   ucpsy
   A moment passed.

         .tea dcpTe b cd   te   nue s  nii iecSanar tog
0F  H. 9. BHAR9EAH

   9e smiled Iuietly, not like a man starstruck, but like someone
recognizing a familiar melody. A warmth settled in his chest, faint and
steady, matching the rhythm of the waves below.

    InGe n     ndey vGea   te   nue iecSas gtea   o Ses  

    Another pause before she responded.
         Eol cigcps scp   te hcides     tnars

   9e glanced toward the pier where the Dshermen were packing up
for the morning, their buckets clanking as a gull swooped low to argue
over stray bait. 9is phone buzzed again. "lara calling.

   9e hesitated, then typedN

         b tcGe   o roy Yp uclrt  eS ns hciinary .Sp ao  
           o snar oGeS   te oheca   oucpy

    Three dots blinked, then her reply came.
         Mo ASodnsesy .ciN sooak Ane rlpf

   9e chuckled, the sound carried o? by the wind, and answered the
call from "lara.

   ...9ey, Cad. Rtill famousO...
   PRtill zero,j he said. PAspiring to less.j
UF 19E' T9E AVVÈA"RE 3ACER "WVq "WVq  04

   "lara laughed, light and brief. PGood. x saw a clip of 'ova 9art on
TU last night. Rhe looked Dne. Èike famous Dne. x take it you are not
suddenly part of her entourageOj

   Px don't own enough black clothing,j he said.
   PRtay that way.j Then, softer, Pqou okayOj
   Px am,j he said, surprised by how true it felt in his chest. P>ust5
Iuieter inside than usual.j
   PThat sounds like progress,j she said. After a beat she added, Pqou
know, Mom used to say IuietLs only good if it listens back.j
   9e smiled. PRhe was usually right.j
   P"suallyOj "lara teased.
   PRhe married me,j he said, and they both laughed, the kind that
came from muscle memory and something tender.
   1hen the call ended, Elliot slipped his phone into his pocket and
walked down toward the beach. The tide was low, the sand fresh-
ly smoothed where last night's waves had rewritten everything. 9e
stepped out onto the damp shoreline. 3or a few yards, there were no
footprints at all. Then his appeared behind him, faint at Drst, then
clearer, temporary proof he was, in fact, here.
   9e stood there a moment longer, listening to the shore breathe.
   9e told himself to be careful. 9e wasnLt sure, anymore, what that
meant.

                          ***

But late that night, 'ova sat cross-legged on the hotel carpet, note-
book open, guitar resting across her lap.

   A half-Dnished cup of tea had gone cold beside her. Wutside, the
city hummed in distant pulses, softer this high up.
06  H. 9. BHAR9EAH

   Rhe strummed lightly, the muted chords barely carrying past the
bed. Wn the blank page she wrote a line in pencilN

    The quiet underneath still sings

   Rhe paused, pressed her Dnger to the page, then scratched it out.
Beneath it she wrote again, slower this timeN

    If I listen long enough, it sounds like home

   1as it a verse or a confession7 Maybe both. Before she could over-
think it, she snapped a photo of the notebook and hit send.

   Elliot saw the picture come through while brushing his teeth. 9e
froze mid-motion, toothbrush still in hand, foam gathering at the
corner of his mouth. The glow of the phone lit his reSection in the
bathroom mirror.

   9e rinsed Iuickly, dried his face, and typed back.

                                                  ,eeA   tc   oaey

    A moment later her reply went out.
         b   ns polSsk   ooy

   9e blinked, the words settling deeper than he e:pected. Romething
Iuiet. Romething steady.
UF 19E' T9E AVVÈA"RE 3ACER "WVq "WVq       0--

   9e saved the photo in the same folder where he kept screenshots of
grocery lists and recipes he would never cook. Romehow, it felt right
there, close, familiar, easy to Dnd.

   Vart of his everyday life.

                          ***

A week slipped by. Wceanside Iuieted. 'ovaLs days blurredN rehearsal,
interviews, tra8c that crawled block by block.

   The tourists thinned. The boardwalk Iuieted. Elliot D:ed a loose
cabinet hinge. 'ova Sew to 'ew qork, then "hicago, then Austin.

   They te:ted when they could. Rmall things. 1eather reports dis-
guised as check-ins. Rhe usually started there.

Knaup teSe                   Wolu teSe
.eLcs xles  noaf           bqd ins  eanar
Do   tep seSGe hteSSp Ane

b tecSu   tep uok b goliu ao   Sehoddeauy

.eLcs ns doSe ow ca cAAie Ane Aichey
0  H. 9. BHAR9EAH

   xt was nothing, technically.
   xt was everything, Iuietly.

                          ***

Raturday evening, Elliot sat on his porch with a book open to the
same page for twenty minutes. The horizon was Dre and silver, the sky
sliding toward night in slow layers. 9is phone buzzed.

   Wn stage in ten5 sending you the Iuiet Drst
   9e frowned, confused, until a short audio clip followed. xt wasn't
a song, 2ust the sound of ocean waves. A loop she must have kept from
the balcony. 9is balcony.
   9e played it twice, then three times, and let it run low while the sun
folded itself into the sea. The breeze shifted as it dimmed, cool on his
face, stirring the edges of the page he still had not read.
   1hen the sound faded, he sat for a while, hands still on the porch
railing, the surrounding hush deeper than before. 9e smiled and
typedN

                                             b tecSu n  y b tecS pol

   Rhe hearted his te:t.
   9ours later, in a greenroom glittering with plastic applause, 'ova
sat cross-legged on a couch, makeup half-wiped, phone glowing. Rhe
read his message and chuckled softly to herself.
   Pqou have no idea,j she murmured.
UF 19E' T9E AVVÈA"RE 3ACER "WVq "WVq  0

         Eol tecSu n  

   Rhe stared at the message after it sent, the echo of the stage still
humming through her chest. The Iuiet she had carried with her felt
steady and present, not yet lost to the noise.

   xn his dark kitchen, Elliot set the phone down and listened to
nothing at all. The wave loop was gone, but the hush remained, alive
and full.

   9e heard the hush between the songs.
   The applause faded before the sound in her ears did. Back in her
hotel room, the air felt hollowed out, as if the cheering had carved
space she didn't know how to Dll. Makeup wipes. 9alf-eaten fruit. A
dozen versions of her reSection in the mirrors.
   'ova sat where she had sat before, cross-legged on the carpet. The
city lights blinked through the window, all pulse and motion, but
inside the room it was still. Rhe reached for the notebook. The page
from earlier waited, creased from travel, pencil smudged across the
bottom. Beneath the four lines she had sent the ones he had told
her to keep she added one more, the words barely a whisper even on
paperN

   Mercy still has a voice; tonight it sounds like you

   Rhe stared at the line until it blurred, like starlight when tears Dnally
win.

   3or a moment she almost wrote qou, capital q, but stopped. Maybe
someday she would know the di?erence between the two. 3or now,
lowercase was enough.
0  H. 9. BHAR9EAH

   'ova closed the notebook and laid her guitar across it like a
promise. Wutside, a siren wailed and faded. Romewhere two thousand
miles away, the ocean kept its own rhythm, endless and patient.

   Rhe breathed with it, let the stillness answer back, and for the Drst
time in a long while, she did not feel alone.
CHAPTER TH  RTEEI

               I sang the Name the world refused to hear.
                 I sang it loud and my voice grew strong.

               I was told to whisper, keep my faith untold.
                Love is where I run when the silence holds.
                - Nova Hart, "The Name They Fear,"

                      leaked clip viral worldwide,
                      labeled "content sensitive"
                    by the studio within 48 hours

                          ***

The studio air was so still that even a breath felt loud.
   Nova stood behind the microphone, eyes closed, headphones rest-

ing lightly against her ears, the red recording light glowing steady.
   When the track rolled, she didn't think about pitch or phrasing or

charts. She let the Hrst line rise from her chest, unguarded, as if it had
been waiting for her.

   Ier voice trembled once, then found its footing.
   x sang the Name the world refused to hear.
   The neRt word waited in the silence ahead of her.
   She knew it.
0LL   B. I. ABESI1EB

She had been warned about it.
Suggested around it.
1ncouraged to soften it.
Ier Hngers curled against the mic stand.
She said it anyway.

God.

   The sound didn't echo. xt settled.
   --ike something Hnally spoken aloud.
   The shift came before sound, something in the space leaning to-
ward her, listening.
   She reached the last line and did not read it oM the page. She lived
it.

I was told to whisper, keep my faith untold.
But I will stand for You.

   The Hnal note faded.
   The silence that followed felt almost holy q no one moved, not the
engineers, not Farcy, not even the eGuipment.
   "inally, "reg's voice crackled through the headset.
   YWell, that one is diMerent.z
   Nova slipped the headphones oM. Ier pulse was steady. Ier smile
was small but certain.
   YVeah,z she said. Yx know.z
   Through the glass, the control room stayed fro2en, caught between
awe and alarm. "reg stood with his arms crossed too tight, his eR-
pression no longer about music alone. Ie opened his mouth, closed it
again, then rubbed the back of his neck like he was bracing for impact.
PU WI1N TI1 EDD--ECS1 "EO1S j`DV j`DV  0L0

   Yxt is beautiful,z he said slowly. YAut you know what this sounds
like, right.z

   Nova met his eyes through the re'ection. Yxt sounds true.z
   "reg turned toward the team, frustration simmering Èust under
control. YWe can't drop a song that names ""od' like that and eRpect
radio to play nice. End while we?re at it, someone already connected
the caf3 photo to the bridge lyrics. They?re calling him your inspira-
tion. Nova, if this song is about faith and he?s the face of your Guiet
era, the label is going to want answers about both.4
   Farcy straightened on the couch. YFaybe that is the point.z
   "reg looked to Beid. YVou tell her. Vou are the practical one. This
is not good business.z
   Beid did not move. Yxt's her song.z
   "reg blinked at him. YVou, of all people, understand what happens
when the world decides something is dangerous.z
   Yx do,z Beid said evenly. YEnd she appears to have already decided
it is worth it.z
   Nova caught his eye and gave him a small nod. "ratitude. Becog-
nition. 1nough.
   Farcy leaned forward again, voice steady but Herce. YShe is not
trying to start a Hght, "reg. She is tired of pretending faith is oM limits.z
   "reg pressed a palm to the wall as if bracing himself. YStreaming
will carry the song. Badio is where they get nervous. End when radio
hesitates, sponsors and partners start paying attention.z
   The red light above the door 'ickered oM, but the charge in the air
remained.
   Nova set her headphones down. 4Then we?re Hnished here.4
   "reg dragged a hand through his hair and eRhaled hard. YVou Èust
burned a lot of safe bridges, Iart.z
   Y"ood,z she said. YThey were never really safe, anyway.z
0LU  B. I. ABESI1EB

   `utside the booth, hallway lights hummed. Nova walked past a
rack of spare microphone stands. Poices carried from the control room
in low tones.

   Yx loved it,z one engineer whispered. Yxt felt real.z
   YBeal is risky,z another muttered.
   E third voice, sharper than the rest, said, YOid she really Èust say
"od in a pop track5z
   Nova paused near the water cooler, Hlled a paper cup, and drank.
The water tasted of paper and cold metal, but it steadied her. She did
not Èoin the debate. She did not need to.
   The song already had its own voice.
   Beid met her at the curb. The night had settled, warm and close.
Tra6c along the avenue sounded farther away, rounded at the edges,
as if the heat had pressed it back.
   YEre you good5z he asked Guietly.
   Nova let out a long breath. Y"ood enough.z
   YVou will be,z Beid said. YTruth has a way of standing, even when
everything else panics.z
   She slid into the back seat of the SCP, still humming pieces of the
melody. Neon streaked across the windows. Ier phone lit up with
notiHcations. 1mails from "reg. Fissed calls from the label. TeRts
from Farcy.
   She turned the phone face down.
   She rolled the window down and let the warm air rush in. xt smelled
faintly of ocean salt, or memory pretending to be. She thought of
1lliot's porch, the Guiet between his words, the steady peace he carried
without eMort.
   When they reached her building, Beid opened her door. YSleep,z he
said. Y--et the noise chase itself.z
   She nodded, sGuee2ed his hand once in thanks, and walked inside.
PU WI1N TI1 EDD--ECS1 "EO1S j`DV j`DV  0L

   Ier hands shook once when the elevator doors closed. She let them.
Ier phone bu22ed again. E notiHcation from the cloud drive where
she stored demos. Someone had pulled a Hfteen-second clip from The
Name They "ear, raw and unHnished, and released it.

   YWell, that was fast,z she muttered to herself.
   E studio tech, maybe. En assistant. Someone careless, or someone
who felt the moment mattered.
   xnstead of fear, a calm settled in her chest.
   xn the bright hallway she said it like a dare. 4Then let them hear it.4
She did not take it back.
   She stepped inside her apartment and crossed to the window. The
chorus replayed in her mind in Guieter, more personal notes. Ier own
voice, steadier than she remembered, echoed lines she did not regret.

                          ***

Ay dawn, the clip had slipped beyond the studio walls.
   The industry reacted fast.
   The label called it content sensitive. Sponsors used phrases like

Ybrand safetyz and Ymarket alignment.z
   "reg's phone call came early.
   YThis is moving fast,z he said. YVou need to get ahead of it. jall it

rehearsal. jall it a warm up. Say something before this deHnes you.z
   YThat would not be true,z Nova said.
   YThis is not about honesty,z "reg replied. YThis is about survival.z
   She stood by the hotel window, hair still damp from the shower,

city light spilling across the 'oor.
   YThen let it deHne me,z she said.
0L  B. I. ABESI1EB

    The call ended.
    Nova did not post a statement.
    She turned her phone oM.

                          ***

That afternoon, 1lliot stopped by the church to drop oM canned
goods for the food drive. The building smelled of coMee and 'oor waR.

   Aehind the shelves, a cluster of teenagers talked over one another.
   Yxs that really her5z
   Yx thought it was fake.z
   YNo, it's real. Fy sister sent it to me.z
   YWait, she really said it5z
   YVeah. Straight up.z
   Someone snorted. YThat's gonna be a thing.z
   En older volunteer sorting labels shook her head without looking
up. Y1verything's a thing now.z
   1lliot set another boR on the table. Ie was reaching for another
when the radio clicked on in the fellowship hall. Tra6c. Weather.
Then Nova?s voice cut in through the static, followed Guickly by the
host?s.
   Yqalready drawing strong reactions online,z the voice said. YSome
calling it bold. `thers saying she crossed a line.z
   1lliot waited until the radio went Guiet again.
   Ie set the boR down. YSometimes people hear what they weren't
eRpecting.z
   E tired smile from the woman. YThat's one way to put it.z
   Ie carried the cans to the shelf in silence, the soft clink of metal the
only sound.
PU WI1N TI1 EDD--ECS1 "EO1S j`DV j`DV  0L

                          ***

Ay evening, Nova?s phone was a battleHeld. Dublic relations messages.
xnvitations disguised as concern. jriticism wrapped in advice. She had
turned it oM that morning. Now she turned it back on. She pushed
the notiHcations away until her thumb ached. Then she opened their
thread and typed.

         But   i sanyao oeoa vosrrn r  itoa  alg

   Iis reply came Guickly.

               ?ySoyao srmsni   iw .yu Yuit S  ljt ayt haym
               tjo  v asSow

   She read the words twice. "or a moment, she could almost hear his
voice, steady and grounded in something beyond applause.

   She set her phone on her chest and breathed until her heartbeat
slowed.

   Then she opened her notebook and wrote.
   Truth in static.
   Deace under pressure.
   E name you sing even when no one claps.
   She lifted her guitar and shaped the Hnal line again.
   Y--ove is where x run when the silence holds.z
   Soft enough to feel like breathing.
0L  B. I. ABESI1EB

   Sleep came late, but gently. jity lights shifted their colors. "ar away,
the ocean kept its patient time.

   End in the stillness, the Name remained.
CHAPTER   FORTEEU

               The stadium chants as the neon lights glow,
              The crowd applauds what it thinks it knows.

                   But in the silence between the songs,
                 I hear the voice where my heart belongs.
             - Nova Hart, "The Noise and the Quiet"

                              #1 worldwide

                          ***

Two days after The Noise and the Quiet climbed to number one, Nova
found herself caught in a diperent s.otlightI The same cli. of The
Name They Fear had s.read fastI kt was rough, unSnished, and one
clear word cracqled on the micI God.

   The reaction s.lit the moment it hit the internetI Wome .eo.le
.raised herI Wome .eo.le mocqed herI Wome .eo.le tried to label her,
as if a single word could decide who she wasI Talq shows re.layed the
cli. and asqed the same juestion in diperent outStsI ?as she changing,
or was it Aust a moment getting too much attention-

   Rnd now she sat under studio lights, facing the juestions headHonI
8GC  BI EI 1BRWE0RB

   The interview had been going wellI The audience cla..ed on cue,
and the host laughedI The juestions remained within the lane that
Oreg had a..rovedI

   The walls carried a slow wash of light that shifted from gold to
rose and bacq againI "ameras stared from their metal towersI Bed tally
lights blinqed on and opI R .roducer lifted two Sngers for timeI R
stagehand sli..ed in with water and a smile that looqed .racticedI

   Nova sat tall but not stipI kn through the noseI EoldI "ut through
the mouthI The heat from the lights warmed her shouldersI The
tremor in her legs stayed low, felt only where her dress hem brushed the
cushionI Eer heartbeat settled into a steady rhythm, liqe a drummer
during sound checqI

   'kt has been an incredible season,x she saidI Whe let the words move
at a calm .aceI Not rushedI Not draggedI Whe watched the hostYs eyes,
watched the friendly lean that meant the ne't juestion matteredI

   'Four new single, The Noise and the Quiet, has .eo.le talqing,x the
host saidI 'They say it feels more vulnerable than anything you have
releasedI ?hat changed-x

   Nova smiledI Whe had .racticed this line in the green room until it
felt sim.le and trueI Whe .rayed for words that told the truth without
hurting anyoneI Not her teamI Not herselfI Not the still shift ha..enH
ing inside herI

   'k thinq itVs about Snding .eace where there should not be any,x she
saidI 'The qind that does not de.end on charts or crowdsIx

   The host nodded, but she was not moving onI Nova saw it in the
slight tilt of her head, the way her hands settled in her la.I

   '1efore we go any further, k have to asq about The Name They
2ear,x the host saidI 'The leaqed cli. has s.arqed a lot of conversationI
Wome .eo.le call it ins.iringIx Eer smile tightened Aust a littleI '"thers
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF  8GQ

say it crosses into faith, something we rarely hear on .o. radioI ?as
that deliberate, or Aust inter.retation-x

   Nova felt the juestion landI Whe had qnown it would comeI
   zk sang what was true,z she saidI zThat is all it wasIz
   The host blinqed once, liqe she hadnVt e'.ected the answer to stay
that steadyI
   zWo you are not walqing it bacq-z
   Nova qe.t her voice evenI zk am not here to build a message for
.eo.le to argue aboutI k am here to sing what is trueIz
   zNo,z she added softlyI zk am learning that you can be honest withH
out maqing a show of itIz
   R small murmur moved through the audienceI Wome curiousI Wome
unsureI Rll listeningI
   The host opered a careful smile, liqe someone Snding balance on
a narrow bridgeI 'Thanq you for sharing that,x she saidI 'Now let us
come bacq to your number one singleI There is a lot of emotion in The
Noise and the JuietI ?hat were you ho.ing listeners would hear-x
   Nova could feel the energy in the room changeI The lights seemed
warmerI The a..lause was a little too eagerI Whe recogni;ed that qind
of attention, the qind that looqs for something to headlineI
   Then came the setu.I The host leaned inI 'That sounds liqe
growth,x she saidI '"r maybe someone hel.ed you Snd itIz
   Rnd there it wasI
   The gentle nudge toward the storyI The glimmer of a headlineI
Nova felt the air tighten, not colder or warmer, Aust close, the way
rooms feel when .eo.le lean in togetherI
   The screen behind them changedI R soft sound epect rolled
through the s.eaqers as the image shar.enedI
   The .hoto fro;e behind themI Eer breath caught for half a second,
then fell bacq into rhythmI "pstage, OregYs .osture changedI 2rom
88G  BI EI 1BRWE0RB

the couch, Nova saw his tense mouth and how he clutched his .honeI
R .roducer leaned toward him, and his eyes narrowedI

   'kt looqs liqe you had a lovely morning in "ceanside,x the host said
softlyI

   Nova qe.t her face steadyI Whe lifted her eyes to the host and sha.ed
her smile small and cleanI 'Must breaqfast,x she saidI '0ven .o. stars
run on copeeIx

   The audience laughedI The host watched her longer this time... her
smile softening into thoughtI Eer ga;e revealed une'.ected com.reH
hensionI

   '"f course,x the host said gentlyI '1ut the way you were looqing at
him in the .hotoI There is a story thereI Four eyes said more than your
words do nowIx

   The laughter fadedI The room went still, attentive and closeI "ne
world asqed her to s.in this into a storyI The other asqed her to guard
what matteredI

   Whe met the hostYs ga;eI 'k thinq sometimes a qind .erson shows u.
at the right time,x she saidI 'That is all it wasIx

   Nothing movedI No camera rolledI No stagehand shiftedI The
stillness held, then released, and a..lause roseI kt started .olite, then
warmed as the room rela'edI The host smiled with relief and .rideI
0very show wanted a clean sound biteI This one did not juite get itI

   The breaq cue 3ashed from the .roducerI 4usic lifted for comH
mercialsI Nova uncli..ed her mic with careful Sngers and felt the
small marq the cli. had left on her blouseI The noise rushed bacq
at onceI "rew members s.oqe over one anotherI R maqeu. brush
touched her cheeqI Womeone adAusted her hairI Womeone said trendH
ing, another said to. three, another asqed for a .ull juote for the
networq siteI
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF  888

   Oreg a..eared beside her with a smile that tried to looq su..ortive
but never reached his eyesI Eis voice dro..ed, but its tension .iercedI

   Ee leaned in, lowering his voiceI zThe label is already asqing who
you are becomingI 1e ready to answer thatI Rnd the diner .hoto 5 we
need a .lanI TonightIx

   Womething inside her tightenedI Wilence did not feel .eaceful anyH
moreI kt felt managedI

   Nova noddedI Nodding was something she was good atI Wilence,
she qnew, was sometimes the better choiceI Whe .ressed the cross beH
tween her Sngers and .rayed without moving her mouthI

   'Oreat segment,x the host said as they walqed toward the bacqstage
doorI 'Fou have everyone talqing tonightIx

   'Thanq you,x Nova saidI Whe let the words sound .olite, then let
them fadeI

                          ***

The hallway outside the studio was a wash of cool air and softer lightI
The car.et softened the ste.s of .eo.le who moved fast and s.oqe
faster, their schedules folding over one anotherI Nova ste..ed out of
the stream and stood by the glass wallI The city outside looqed liqe a
river of windowsI Wcreens 3ashedI Eeadlights drifted in long linesI

   2or a brief second, the world dimmed in her mindI Whe closed her
eyes and let her breath slow, steady and unforcedI

   ?hen she o.ened them, the hallway had not changedI Poices
echoedI Uhones rang somewhere behind closed doorsI

   Whe walqed on anywayI
   Beid touched her elbowI '"ar is ready,x he saidI
   Whe smiled and followedI
88L  BI EI 1BRWE0RB

                          ***

0lliot had not .lanned to watchI
   Ee had left the television on, Aust as he sometimes let the radio .lay

hymns in the qitchen while he readI Ee was washing a mug when he
heard the host say NovaYs nameI Ee looqed u. and saw her framed in
stage light, calm in a room that liqed to be loudI

   The .icture was too bright for the hourI Wtudio colors always
looqed that way to him, liqe candy on a shelfI Ee reached for the
remote and lowered the volume until the sound was a thin ribbon
beneath the roomI

   Ee watched her breathe before she s.oqe and her hands settle on
her qneesI Ee watched the tilt of her head when she listenedI R .erson
who did not qnow her would call it .oiseI 0lliot saw something that
lived under .oiseI Ee saw .ractice and .atience and a small river of
fatigue that nobody else would noticeI

   The host asqed about changeI Nova answered with the line about
.eaceI Ee nodded though she could not see himI Ee had heard that
line at his qitchen tableI Ee had seen her looq at the window while the
qettle hissed and say that juiet did not mean em.tyI kt meant fullI kt
meant .resentI Ee had not forgottenI

   Then came the .art he had ho.ed she might avoidI The leaqed cli.I
The faith juestionI The qind .eo.le asqed when they wanted truth to
St inside a headlineI

   Ee watched her steady herself, watched the tiny .ause that someH
one else might call a breath but he recogni;ed as courageI
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF  886

   ?hen she said she was not here to build a message for .eo.le to arH
gue about, something warm and heavy settled in his chestI Womething
closer to recognitionI

   Ee could tell she was choosing her words carefullyI Not to im.ress
anyoneI Not to winI Must to get through it without giving away what
matteredI

   The screen behind her shiftedI The .hoto Slled the studio and then
Slled his living roomI 0lliot qnew the image before his mind named itI
The slant of morning light through the blindsI The angle of the tableI
The curve of her smile when she was listeningI Ee felt his breath slowI

   Ee qnew the scri.tI Ee could not rewrite itI
   Ee watched her hold herself togetherI Ee watched her maqe the
smile that let the moment .ass without lyingI Ee turned the volume
down again until only the set lights re3ected on his windowI Ee
watched her li.s form the words zeveryone needs copeez and he let the
sound dieI
   Ee did not need to hear the host to understand the .ushI Ee could
read the slight lean of the shouldersI Ee could read the audience in the
tilt of heads across the rowsI Ee could read the ne't move the way he
could read a song before the chorus arrivedI
   ?hen Nova said a qind .erson sometimes shows u. at the right
time, 0lliot felt something settle in his chestI kt was not .rideI kt was
not fearI kt was reliefI Whe had told the truth and had .rotected it at
the same timeI 2ew .eo.le learned how to do thatI 2ewer did it with
qindnessI
   Ee turned the television opI The room dimmed to lam.light and
the slow metronome of the clocq above the mantelI The old house
held sound the way it always didI Ee could hear the faint rush of the
ocean beyond the streetI Ee could hear the hum of the refrigeratorI
887  BI EI 1BRWE0RB

Ee could hear the soft .ulse that comes from the small s.ace between
things when they rest togetherI

   Ee set the mug on the counter to dry and stood with his .alms on
the edge of the sinqI Ee had done that for years when the house felt too
juiet and then not juiet enoughI Rfter his wife died, silence had been
a weight that .ressed on his chestI Ee had learned over time that silence
could also be a shelterI kt de.ended on what Slled itI Orief had once
Slled itI Then worqI Then the sound of his children when they were
small in memoryI Now it held .rayers he did not always have words
forI

   Ee whis.ered one for NovaI Not for charts or cameras or a segment
that might get trimmedI Ee asqed for the qind of .eace she had once
reached for on his .orchI Ee asqed for steadiness to meet her where
the noise would notI

   Ee ste..ed to the window and looqed out across the darqI The
ocean was a long shadow that moved with its own mindI Ee could not
see the line where water met sqy, but he qnew it was thereI Ee could
hear itI Ee had learned to trust the things he could not always seeI

   "n the mantel sat a .hotogra.h of "lara, taqen on the beach one
winter when the wind cut through their coats and they shouted with
Aoy anywayI 0lliot smiled at the memory and felt the thin ache that
always came with itI "hange had stolen and change had givenI Ee
thought of Nova sitting under those lights and felt a strange sense that
change could be qind if it learned to be juietI

   Ee reached for his .honeI Ee did not trust big words, not tonightI
Ee sent something smallI

     You   answewr sdit he  gwc
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF  88:

   Ee watched the message deliverI The house was still, but something
in it felt less heavyI

   R qnocq sounded at the doorI
   0lliot o.ened it to Snd "lara on the .orch, Aacqet un;i..ed, .hone
already in her handI
   'Eey,x she saidI
   'Eey,x he answeredI
   Whe ste..ed inside without hurry, toes nudging the mat into .lace
out of habitI
   They moved into the qitchen the way they always didI
   "lara lingered at the counter, aimlessly scrolling through her
.honeI
   'k watched one of her interviews,x she said SnallyI
   0lliot didnYt looq u.I 'Fou didnYt have to do thatIx
   zk qnowI k wanted toIz Whe set the .hone downI zWhe seems 5 qindI
TiredI Diqe someone whoVs been .erforming even when sheVs sitting
stillIz
   Ee let that sitI
   zk need time,z she saidI '1efore k meet her .ro.erlyI 1efore this
becomes something kYm e'.ected to be oqay with in .ublicIx
   Ee waitedI 'kYve lived through one season where the world fell a.art
at our door,x she saidI 'kYm not sure k can do that again without a little
warningIx
   Ee nodded onceI 'ThatYs fairIx
   Eer shoulders eased at the wordI 'k love you,x she added, juieterI
'This isnYt me .ushing you awayI ktYs me asqing not to be .ulled too
fast into something kYm still learning how to holdIx
   0lliot reached across the counter and sjuee;ed her handI Not to
reassure herI Must to stay .resentI
   'Taqe the time you need,x he saidI
88--  BI EI 1BRWE0RB

"lara e'haled, relief 3icqering across her faceI 'Thanq youIx

                          ***

The ride to the hotel moved through a tunnel of glass and blue lightI
The city was a web of re3ectionsI Nova sat in the bacq seat with Oreg
and her .ublicistI Oreg talqed through ne't ste.s and s.oqe in a tone
that tried to sound liqe victoryI Ee said the interview was strongI Ee
said the audience numbers were climbingI Ee said the networq wanted
a bacqstage cli. for their site tomorrowI Ee said the word narrative
and then the word alignmentI Ee said the .hoto had been trending
again since the interviewI Ee did not say 0lliotVs nameI Ee did not have
toI The .ublicist ty.ed notes on her .hone and nodded in a steady
rhythmI

   Nova answered when a juestion rejuired a yes or a noI Whe qe.t her
eyes on the window where a bridge rose and fell liqe a slow waveI Whe
touched the .endant againI Whe had sto..ed telling herself it was sillyI
Whe had sto..ed telling herself anything about itI Whe had decided to
let it mean what it meantI

   ?hen they reached the hotel, cameras 3ashed through the glass
doorsI kt felt liqe a brief storm that came out of nowhereI Whe smiled
because that was what you did when light found youI Whe moved
through the lobby with a .ace that looqed liqe conSdenceI kn the
elevator she .ressed the to. 3oor and watched the numbers climb one
by oneI The car was mirrored on three sidesI The re3ection reminded
her of the way a stage s.lits you into a thousand versions and hands
them out to .eo.le you will never meetI

   Rt the to. 3oor she ste..ed into a hallwayI The car.et softened
each ste. until it felt liqe she was walqing across a Seld of slow breathI
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF  88

kn her suite she left her shoes by the door and set her bag on the chairI
The city stretched below the windows in a scatter of white and yellowI
R helico.ter traced a line across the darq liqe a slow insect with a light
in its chestI

   Whe stood at the glass and let her forehead rest against the cool .aneI
Whe whis.ered, 'k donYt thinq k said too muchIx

   The words lingeredI Whe smiled faintly at how they sounded and let
it beI

   Whe ho.ed 0lliot had not seen the interviewI Whe ho.ed he hadI
1oth ho.es felt honestI Whe smiled at herself for the contradiction and
let it standI Not everything had to maqe sense tonightI

   Whe turned on a lam. and o.ened her notebooq on the table by the
windowI The notebooq had become a .lace where she did not have to
.erformI The .ages held juestions and half lines and .rayers that did
not always looq liqe .rayersI Whe wrote slowlyI

   4aybe juiet is not the absence of sound, but the .resence of .eaceI
   Whe stared at the lineI kt was sim.le enough to be trueI Whe closed
the notebooq and left the .en across the cover liqe a small anchorI
   Whe Slled a glass with water and dranq it in three slow swallowsI Whe
let the water sit in her hands for a moment and felt the weight of itI The
room hummed with the low life of any high 3oorI Rir moved through
ventsI R small light on the thermostat blinqedI Womewhere down the
hall an elevator door o.ened and closed with a soft qiss of metalI
   Eer .hone lit u. on the tableI There were new messages from OregI
There were new mentionsI There was a tag from the showI There were
a handful of te'ts from friends who worqed in the industry and qnew
how to say good Aob in ten words or lessI
   Whe left the .hone face downI
   "n the table beside it sat a note that had been left at the front desqI
No nameI Must two lines in familiar handwriting Proud of you. Rest.
88C  BI EI 1BRWE0RB

Nova breathed out and smiledI

                          ***

2ar down the coast, 0lliot ste..ed out onto his .orch with a blanqet
around his shouldersI The night was clear and coolI The .orch boards
held a memory of sun that had faded to a whis.erI Ee sat in the chair
that faced the water and let his feet rest on the rail liqe he used to do
when the qids were little and slee. came slowI

   Ee could hear the ocean in a way that was more than soundI kt was
a rhythm that lived somewhere dee.er than earsI The water came in
and went outI kt did not asq .ermissionI kt did not hurryI kt qnew its
worq and did itI

   Ee thought of the way Nova had stood at his sinq and laughed
at the sound of gullsI Ee thought of the way she had turned toward
the window when the qettle clicqed op and had gone juiet for a full
minute without s.eaqingI Ee had noticed then that silence did not
scare herI Whe res.ected itI Whe understood it could hold more than
em.tinessI Ee ho.ed the show lights had not burned that out of her
tonightI

   Ee .rayed againI Ee did not use many wordsI Ee asqed for what he
always asqed for nowI Dight enough for the ne't ste.I "ourage to tell
the truth in a way that did not bruiseI 4ercy for the .laces that still
felt rawI

   Ee asqed to be careful with what he had been givenI Ee was no
longer sure careful meant the same thing it once hadI

     ***
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF      88Q

1acq at the hotel, Nova turned op the lam. and let the city be the only
light in the roomI Whe lay on the couch with a blanqet .ulled over her
legs and closed her eyesI Whe listened for the whir of the air unitI Whe
listened for the faint siren a few blocqs overI Whe listened for her own
breathI Whe let each sound drift by, ungri..ed, liqe small boats on still
waterI

   Whe thought of "ceansideI The morning at the dinerI The way
sunlight made the dust looq liqe a soft stormI The taste of copee that
had been brewed by someone who cared more about .eo.le than
3avorI The walq to the car with the ocean Aust out of sight but close
enough to .ull at her chestI Whe thought of the looq on 0lliotYs face
when he had listened liqe it matteredI Whe felt that same calmness now
and felt her shoulders dro. into the couchI

   Whe mumbled, 'thanq youx into the darq, no name neededI Whe
qnewI

   Eer .hone bu;;ed once on the tableI

                              .oor ntosc

Whe smiled at the two wordsI
     You s  igtwr diG

   Ee didnYt answerI Ee didnYt have toI
   "n his .orch, 0lliot looqed u. and found a small cluster of stars
where the sqy broqe free of the street lam.sI Ee did not qnow their
namesI Ee did not need toI Ee let the night settle and he did not asq
it to .erformI
8LG                BI EI 1BRWE0RB

   Ee stayed until the chill settled in liqe an old friendI Ee stayed until
the only sound left was the ocean and the thin brush of wind in the
grasses by the duneI Ee stayed until he qnew it was time to slee.I

                          ***

kn her suite, Nova o.ened her eyes and watched a .lane move liqe a
slow s.arq above the sqylineI Whe did not reach for her .honeI Whe did
not .lan tomorrowI

   The hotel room had gone settled, the city hum softened by distanceI
Whe cracqed the window, letting the night air cool her faceI Womewhere
down the coast, the ocean was closer to morningI

   Whe o.ened their message threadI

     You   s  ?wG

R few minutes .assedI Then he res.ondedI
                         kI   s  ?wc '  er io nmwwH ioadhtic

   Whe smiled, imagining his .orch light, the juiet streets of "ceanH
side, the way the ocean sounded softer thereI

     ldnt sw goumr ie  rw go  nin poe oaw adhtic
                            Wooac ltwa itw aodnw nwiimwnc
PL ?E0N TE0 RUUDR9W0 2R"0W ""UF ""UF       8L8

Whe ty.ed, then deleted, then Snally sent

         f  SMw di awywe rownc

   Eis re.ly came slower this timeI

               btwa sw pdar Hw  gw nowtosv nowstwewc

   Whe set the .hone face down and whis.ered a .rayer into the darqI
'Whow me howIx The wind carried the salt through the window and
she qnew distance wasnYt the same as silenceI Not anymoreI

   Whe turned op the lam. and let tomorrow waitI
CHAPTER   F  TEEI

                     I stopped running from the quiet
                     the night I finally let it find me.
                  - Nova Hart, "Low Tide," unreleased

                          ***

   Three days later, Nova's iguht tocwhed don. throcuh woastal rag.H
mer teax's teWt sagd the -glxg.uto. shon nas obwgally wa.weled
xgdfagr "ewacse op "ve.ce woxklgwatgo.s,F "ct she S.en "etterH The
la"el na.ted thg.us to wool don. apter the storx scrroc.dg.u The
Naxe They PearH

   Dhe wocld.'t eve. "e a.uryH The kacse, she thocuht, xguht "e
xerwy dgsucgsed as xa.auexe.tH

   The .eWt wo.wert nas.'t por Cve days g. IhgladelkhgaH The qHVH
shon had already "ee. kostko.edH

   Por o.we, her wale.dar looSed "la.S, a.d gt pelt lgSe a. g.vgtatgo.H
   Prox her lcWcry ng.don seat she'd see. a lo.u strgk op woastlg.e,
uray a.d daxke.ed, ngth gsla.ds swattered lgSe sxall krayers g. the
scrpH Docth op -glxg.uto. lay Dxgth 2sla.dH Tne.ty xg.ctes op "awS
roads a.d wacsenayH Dhe rexex"ered the EcgetH
AL -mUN TmU OIIYO1DU POqUD V3Ij V3Ij        ML:

   -he. the Get tocwhed don. at the sxall krgvate terxg.al, her drgver
nas.'t nagtg.u ngth a lgxo thgs tgxeH Rarwy had ha.dled gt EcgetlyB a
re.tal c.der Nova's xgddle .axe, Seys a.d dgrewtgo.s lept at the desSH
No e.tocraue, .o kress traglH

   Nova se.t o.e short teWt to RarwyH

Getting   iep .Coev re tim tCrCvvCl nigwtp

                                                            hinFmmap

   Nova sxgled, slgd o. her sc.ulasses, a.d stekked oct g.to the wool
Varolg.a rag.H

                          ***

The road to 3wea.sgde shgxxered throcuh pou, headlguhts slgdg.u
awross daxk askhalt a.d restg.u hocsesH Nova's kho.e lay pawe don. g.
the wck holder, .otgCwatgo.s xcted, the norld C.ally hcshed aroc.d
herH

   Dhe had.'t told a.yo.e nhere she nas uog.uH 4reu nocld've porf
"gdde. gtH 'egd nocld've g.sgsted o. woxg.uH mer teax nocld've skc.
gtH 3.ly Rarwy S.en, a.d o.ly "ewacse she dgd.'t try to stok herH

   The owea. waxe g.to vgen as the hguhnay wcrved tonard the shoref
lg.eH O lon hcx op naves xet her throcuh the wrawSed ng.don, the
saxe soc.d that had hac.ted her dreaxs por neeSsH

   -he. she kclled ck g. pro.t op Ullgot's hocse, every lguht nas o"
eWwekt o.e g. the Sgtwhe.H
ML5  'H mH ?'ODmUO'

   Dhe hesgtated ngth her ha.d o. the door ha.dle, her heart xovg.u
past a.d "rguht, the nay gt dgd "epore a shonH The. she S.owSed, o.we,
soptlyH

   Pootsteks akkroawhedH The door oke.edH
   Ullgot stood there g. a paded T shgrt a.d Gea.s, eyes ngde, hagr rcxf
kled lgSe he had drgpted asleek g. a whagr ngth a "ooS g. hgs lakH
   "Nova,F he "reathedH "2tzs xgd.guhtHF
   "2 wocld.'t sleek,F she sagdH "O.d 2 dgd.'t na.t to nagt a.yxoreHF
   me stared por a xoxe.t as gp whewSg.u that she nas realH The. he
stekked asgde, vogwe lonH "Voxe g.HF
   Dhe wrossed the threshold a.d kclled her GawSet wlose, taSg.u g. the
paxglgar swe.t op salt a.d wedarH
   "2 dgd.'t xea. to Gcst shon ck,F she xcrxcredH "?ct The Name
They Fear releases toxorronH Not the wlgkH The nhole so.uHF
   Dhe looSed ck at hgxH 6O.d 2 .eeded to see yoc "epore the norld
heard gtH6
   mer kho.e had "ee. sgle.t sg.we shezd sngtwhed gt to do .ot dgstcr"
o. the hguhnayH Dhe S.en nhat the xor.g.u nocld "rg.uH To.guht
she whose thgs g.steadH Doxenhere g. the norld, the woc.tdon. to
xgd.guht had already "euc.H
   Ullgot eWhaled, a sopt soc.d "etnee. dgs"elgep a.d c.dersta.dg.uH
6joc drove a. hocr g. the darS por a so.uJ6
   "No,F she sagd, xeetg.u hgs eyesH "Por the xa. nho helked xe
"elgeve g. gtHF
   Ullgot dgd .ot a.sner rguht anayH mgs shoclders eased, Gcst slguhtlyH
me looSed at her lgSe he "elgeved herH
   -gth a ue.tler to.e, he kog.ted tonards the Sgtwhe.H "joc na.t tea
or wo"eeH Doxethg.u to xaSe thgs peel less c.realHF
   "Tea,F she sagdH "2p gt "cys xe Cve xore xg.ctes op krete.dg.u 2 ax
.ot a"oct to lose xy xg.dHF
AL -mUN TmU OIIYO1DU POqUD V3Ij V3Ij  ML7

   me sxgled a.d tcr.ed to the SettleH -ater ra.H The stove hcxxedH
The dgsta.t naves "roSe g. thegr Ecget rhythxH Nova lea.ed auag.st
the woc.ter a.d natwhed hgx, xexorgKg.u the xoxe.tH

   -he. he slgd her a xcu, she dgd .ot drg.S prox gtH
   2.stead, she tooS oct her kho.eH "2 na.t yoc to hear soxethg.u
CrstH Not the .en so.uH The o.e that waxe rguht apter 2 xet yocH 2t
nas the Crst o.e that pelt lgSe gt nas awtcally xg.e auag.HF
   Dhe hesgtated "epore addg.u, "2t nas Gcst por csH The la"el tcr.ed gt
g.to a hgt, "ct thgs gs hon gt soc.ded the .guht 2 nrote gtHF
   me .odded slonly, "rawg.u hgxselpH
   Dhe kressed klayH
   The oke.g.u whords op That Look on Your Face drgpted throcuh the
Sgtwhe., .othg.u "ct her ucgtar a.d a vogwe that trex"led g. a nay she
.o lo.uer alloned herselp o.staueH
   -he. the last .ote paded, eve. the agr seexed to hold stgllH
   Ullgot snalloned "epore he skoSeH "2t gs "eactgpclHF
   mer sxgle waxe sxall a.d c.ucardedH "joc xaSe gt soc.d lgSe gt gs
.ot c.reaso.a"le that 2 nrote that a"oct yocHF
   "2t gs .ot c.reaso.a"le,F he sagd soptlyH "2t gs ho.estHF
   Dhe looSed ck at hgx the.H 'eally looSedH The Sgtwhe. lguht gllcf
xg.ated the sc"tle wreases aroc.d hgs eyes, the nay he stood ngthoct
wrondg.u her, as gp skawe gtselp nere a ugpt he wocld o"erH mgs Sg.d.ess
nas .ot locd or kerporxedH 2t nas katge.t a.d warepcl, the Sg.d op
uood.ess that wocld .ot "e paSedH
   me stood wlose e.ocuh that she wocld peel hgs narxth, "ct he dgd
.ot stek tonard herH me held hgxselp ngth a reskewt she had rarely "ee.
ugve.H
   Do she stekked pornardH
   The Sgss waxe slon a.d wertag., lgSe tgde xeetg.u shoreH 4e.tle at
CrstH The. screH 2t nas .ot hcrrged or rewSless, "ct the Sg.d op Sgss that
ML8  'H mH ?'ODmUO'

steadged rather tha. startledH me tasted op tea a.d narxthH mgs ha.d
rose to the "awS op her .ewS, narx a.d steady, the keawe she had "ee.
whasg.u por neeSsH

   -he. they C.ally dren akart, Nova rested her porehead auag.st hgs
whg.H

   "-hy dgd yoc do thatJF Ullgot sagdH
   "?ewacse 2 S.en yoc reskewt xe too xcwh to Sgss xe Crst,F Nova
nhgskeredH "-e kro"a"ly Gcst woxklgwated everythg.uHF
   Ullgot's sxgle nas pag.t a.d wertag.H "Voxklgwated gs stgll "etter tha.
exktyHF
   Dhe let oct a Ecget lacuhH "joc a.d yocr uron. ck lougwHF
   They stayed there a.other xoxe.t, tno keokle nho had C.ally
stokked krete.dg.u to "e se.sg"le, "epore the norld wrekt "awS g.H

                          ***

They xoved g.to the lgvg.u roox, nhere the laxks wast a sopt axf
"er ulon awross the shelves a.d the pag.t soc.d op the owea. drgpted
throcuh the wrawSed ng.donH The nhole hocse settled, as gp gt had "ee.
nagtg.u por thgs versgo. op thexH

   They talSed por a. hocr, vogwes lon a.d c.hcrrged, the Sg.d op
wo.versatgo. that hakke.s o.ly nhe. tno keokle .o lo.uer peel the
.eed to gxkressH Nothg.u draxatgwH Nothg.u wcratedH cst ordg.ary
kgewes op lgpeH Vhgldhood xexorgesH Dtra.ue tocr xgshaksH The soc.d
uclls xaSe nhe. they whase the tgdeH -ords that woxe easgly nhe.
ho.esty gs wloser tha. kerporxa.weH

   mer head eve.tcally settled o.to hgs shoclder, aroc.d the tno
ozwlowS xarSH mer tea sat c.tocwhed o. the ta"leH The owea.zs hcx
octsgde soc.ded lgSe a lclla"yH Ullgot dgd .ot xoveH me sgxkly "reathed
AL -mUN TmU OIIYO1DU POqUD V3Ij V3Ij  ML

ngth her, lettg.u the Ecget settle "etnee. thex lgSe a krayer he had .ot
S.on. he nas holdg.uH

   -he. her head slgkked a lgttle, he adGcsted the "la.Set aroc.d her
a.d nhgskered, "joc are sape hereHF

   Dhe "elgeved hgxH That nas .enH
   mer pawe, ngthoct xaSeck or staue lguht, looSed yoc.u g. a nay
paxe .ever allonedH -he. her "reathg.u eased g.to the slon rhythx
op the sea, he lea.ed "awS a.d let the keawe hold thex "othH
   Nothg.u xore hakke.edH Nothg.u .eeded toH The stgll.ess nas
e.ocuhH
   Ror.g.u waxe uray a.d slonH Dhe noSe wcrled g. the wor.er op the
wocwh, the "la.Set stgll aroc.d her shoclders, the Settle wold o. the
stoveH Ullgot sat g. the .ear"y whagr, natwhg.u Ecgetly as she stgrredH
   Nova "lg.Sed, rc""g.u her eyesH "2 dgd.'t eve. hear yoc xove to the
whagrHF
   "joc nere oct the xoxe.t yocr head tocwhed xy shoclder,F he
sagd ngth a sxall sxgleH "2 Cucred yoc nocld sleek "etter gp 2 let yoc
have the wocwhHF
   mgs vogwe held soxethg.u "etnee. relgep a.d no.derH "joc awtcally
slektHF
   "2 dgd,F she nhgskeredH "O.d por o.we, gt pelt realHF
   "4ood,F he sagdH "joc .eeded rest xore tha. a.ythg.uHF
   The Ecget that polloned pelt pcll, .ot exkty, lgSe the owea. "eyo.d
the ng.donsH
   Nova stood, stretwhg.u the sleek prox her shoclders, her heart stgll
warryg.u the walx op the .guht "eporeH Dhe xet hgs eyesH "2 do.'t naSe
ck "rawg.u hereHF
   "Dgxkler, 2 hoke,F he sagdH
   6 g.der,6 she a.snered, her C.uertgk "rcshg.u hgs nrgstH
ML  'H mH ?'ODmUO'

   me looSed at her, a.d the kcll nas there auag.H PaxglgarH 1.de.gf
a"leH ?ct thgs tgxe .egther op thex xovedH The keawe they had poc.d
dgd .ot .eed a.other testH

   2t sgxkly nasH
   Doxenhere g. the Sgtwhe., hgs kho.e "cKKed ngth a rexg.der a"oct
.othg.u gxkorta.tH Ror.g.u lguht stretwhed awross the ioor a.d Nova
lea.ed "awS auag.st the woc.ter, her shoclders easg.uH
   "Rarwy gs woxg.u thgs xor.g.u,F she sagd ngth a sxall lacuhH "Dhe
kroxgsed exerue.wy wo"ee a.d wo.wealerHF
   Ullgot sxgledH "Doc.ds lgSe she S.ons yoc nellHF
   "Dhe does,F Nova sagdH "?ct eve. she has .o gdea hon uood thgs
peltHF
   Ullgot stcdged herH "Dhe S.onsJF
   "Dhe S.ons e.ocuh,F Nova sagdH "Dhe does .ot tell 4reu a.ythg.u
c.less 2 tell her toHF
   me .odded o.weH "That gs uoodH Por .on, thgs stays "etnee. csH
jocr norld gs .ot ready por 3wea.sgde xor.g.usHF
   Dhe sxgledH "O.d yocr norld gs .ot ready por kakaraKKgHF
   "UWawtlyHF
   Dhe natwhed hgx por a xoxe.tH "joc really thg.S ne wa. Seek thgs
ocrsJF
   me xet her eyesH "2 thg.S ne wa. krotewt gtH That gs .ot the saxe
thg.uHF
   Nova held hgs uaKe, the. .oddedH "Irotewted, the.HF
   3ctsgde, the norld nas already naSg.u ck ngthoct thexH
CHAPTER   SITEEX

                 The morning was mine until it wasn't.
                - Nova Hart, "Without You," unreleased

                          ***

Nova's phone buzzed on the counter. She glanced down. "Marcy is
here."

   A moment later, Marcy knocked once and stepped inside like she
owned the place, tote bag already on her shoulder, hairbrush in hand.

   "If anyone asks," she said, "I'm your stylist. This is a house call."
   Elliot raised an eyebrow. "Morning."
   "Morning, Pie Man," Marcy said, giving him an e-cient onceYover.
"xou look e?actly how I pictured."
   "And here I was hoping to surprise you," he said with a half smile.
   "xou did," she said. "xou look real. That is rare in her world."
   Elliot gave a small nod and stepped back, already heading toward
the kitchen.
   Then she turned to Nova. "xou goodB"
   Nova nodded. "Retter than good."
30G  H. 1. RHAS1EAH

   Marcy's e?pression softened into something lighter. "Wood. xou
"nally look human again. I can work with that."

   She unpacked her kit at the table while Nova poured coOee. Neither
of them spoke. The clink of mugs and the soft rustle of fabric "lled the
space, unhurried and familiar.

   Vhen Nova went to shower, Marcy and Elliot stayed where they
were. Neither of them moved right away.

   Marcy broke the silence "rst.
   "She is not built for small," Marcy said. "Rut she is learning. And
she does not let people in like this. Ever."
   "I know," Elliot said.
   "So do not make me regret trusting you."
   1e met her eyes. "I will not."
   Marcy studied him, then her mouth curved into the halfYsmirk she
saved for truths that needed saying.
   "Wood," she said, slipping her brush back into her bag. "Recause if
you hurt her, I will pray down something biblical."
   Elliot didn't smile. "I won't."
   Marcy held his gaze for a moment. Then she picked up her bag.
2Lkay then.2
   Nova's voice Uoated down the hallway, singing the chorus of her
song, unaware of the conversation.

That look on your face gave me my first smile in ages...

   Marcy turned toward the sound. "There it is," she said softly. "That
is the part of her nobody gets to fake."

   Vhen Nova returned, dressed and glowing with the kind of hapY
piness that did not need an audience, Marcy gave her a knowing smile.
FD V1EN T1E APPCAJSE qA'ES --LPx --LPx  303

   "Vell," Marcy said, zipping her bag, "my work here is done. I am
leaving before I become the third wheel in a Nicholas Sparks monY
tage."

   Nova laughed and hugged her. "Thank you. qor everything."
   "5ust do not make me pray down any more plagues," Marcy teased
as she headed for the door.
   Vhen it closed behind her, the house grew settled again. Nova
turned to Elliot, hesitated, then stepped close and kissed him once
more, uiet and unhurried.
   "I will te?t when I am back at the hotel," she said.
   1e brushed his thumb along her cheek. "'rive safely."
   "Soon," she said with a soft smile.
   "Soon," he answered.
   1e walked her to the door. 1is 1arbor Cight --afe sweatshirt hung
over the chair in the hall. She lifted it without thinking, and he didn t
say a word.

                          ***

Across the street from Elliot's house, a tourist stood on the porch of a
rental cottage, phone raised toward the water. Early light slid between
the houses in thin bands, catching the rippled surface of the ocean as
the sun edged up, pale and slow.

   Through that narrow view, she caught more than the sea. Nova
1art crossed the drive toward her car, laughing at something Elliot
Rrooks said beside her. The wind lifted her hood, sunlight catching
the auburn hair that made her unmistakable. 1e stood a step behind
her, older, grounded, his hands in his pockets as if the world outside
that moment did not e?ist.
30D  H. 1. RHAS1EAH

   She raised her phone without thinking. Through the lens they
looked diOerent smaller, caught. A moment neither of them had
meant to show.

   The woman blinked and lowered her phone. qor a heartbeat she
wondered if she had imagined it. Then she zoomed in and gasped. "No
way," she whispered, hardly daring to breathe.

   As the car eased down the coastal road, she glanced at the porch
across the street. The house number DD hung in weathered bronze
beside the door. She snapped a second picture of it, the detail sticking
in her mind like a clue.

   She looked at the photo again, still stunned by her own luck.
   She typed a caption before she could think better of it.

Is that Nova Hart in Oceanside? And who's the guy??

   She hit post.
   At the end of the street, Nova's car turned toward the highway, her
phone face down in her purse.
   1er screen refreshed.
   Lne like became ten, then hundreds, climbing faster than she could
follow.
CHAPTER   ESEVTEEV

                "Some things were never meant for light.
                    That doesn't make them less true."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The road to Wilmington felt open and alive. Nova rolled the window
halfway down and let the salt air tangle her hair. A melody circled
in her mind, new and soft, the kind that stayed long after the last
note. Every mile felt like freedom--and she kept humming, unaware
of what had already begun to move without her.

   By the time she reached her hotel, she dropped her bag on the bed
without thinking, still humming under her breath.

   She caught her reHection in the mirror and paused. zer eyes were
clear, her shoulders lower than they had been in weeks. zer phone
buGGed. "reg.

   "zey,Y she said, still smiling. "Iou are up early.Y
   ze spoke in a clipped voice. "5 have been up. Tell me, Nova, who
lives at 2??RY
   She frowned. "WhatRY
34#  1. z. B1ASzEA1

   "A picture,Y he said. "OWho5s2??. Iou. Lceanside. Some guy in a
faded blue shirt with the zarbor Cight 'afe logo. 1inging any bells.Y

   The words hit before she could slow her breath. The edges of the
room blurred, leaving only "regxs face and the sound of her own
breathing.

   ""reg,Y she whispered. "Thatxs him.Y
   ""o to socials,Y "reg said. "Search OWho5s2??. 5xll wait.Y
   Nova sat on the edge of the bed and opened the app with shaking
hands. The qrst post qlled the screen.
   Elliot stood in his driveway with ocean light across his shirt. Novaxs
hair blew in the wind. zer eyes were qPed on him like the world had
narrowed down to one steady point.
   The house number was clear.
   zer throat closed. ""reg, thatxs his house.Y
   "Ieah,Y he said. "And now it is the internetxs.Y
   Novaxs breath came Vuick. She kept staring at the comments.
   Ueople were already posting maps.
   "They are going to qnd him,Y she whispered.
   "That is why you need to do nothing,Y "reg said. "No posts. No
comments. No calls. Cet it die down.Y
   ""reg, Elliot is not a headline,Y she said, voice rising. "ze is a
person.Y
   "ze is a liability right now,Y "reg replied. "5f you want to protect
him, you stay silent.Y
   Novaxs qngers hovered over Elliotxs name. Every part of her wanted
to call him. To warn him. To say this was not how she would have
chosen it.
   ""reg,Y she said, Vuieter now, "he matters to me.Y
   The silence on the line stretched.
F? WzEN TzE AUUCADSE MA6ES 'LUI 'LUI  342

   "That complicates things,Y "reg said qnally. "ze is not part of this
world.Y

   "Iou donxt know him,Y Nova said.
   "We checked,Y "reg replied. "Uublic information. ze is older.
Widowed. Shows up on a church website in Lceanside.Y
   "And what is that supposed to meanRY
   "5t means he is visible,Y "reg said.
   "5t does not make him a problem,Y she said.
   "5t does when the internet thinks you are secretly dating him,Y "reg
replied. "Now we are one breath away from a faith controversy we
cannot control. Sponsors will get nervous. The label will get nervous.
Everyone will ask what changed you.Y
   Nova looked at the photo again. zer eyes looked soft. zer face
looked unguarded. The photo told the truth, even if no one knew the
complete story.
   "This is not a game,Y "reg said. "6o nothing. Cet the noise burn
itself out.Y
   Nova swallowed hard. "Lkay.Y
   When the call ended, she bowed her head.
   "Cord, please,Y she whispered, "help me not make this worse.Y

                          ***

-arcy had left Lceanside at dawn. She slipped out after hugging Nova
in the doorway. The hall was dim in the early light. The world outside
was calm in the way mornings sometimes are, like it had not learned
what it would carry by noon.

   -arcy drove north. 'oastal roads. Empty lanes. The sun rising gold
over the water.
34j        1. z. B1ASzEA1

   By midmorning she reached Wilmington. The hotel lobby
hummed with people starting their day. She grabbed a co7ee, rode the
elevator up, and set her things on the desk by the window.

   Then she opened her phone.
   Nova was trending again.
   A new tag sat on every post.

#WhoIs522

   -arcy clicked the qrst one. The photo qlled her screen. Nova and
Elliot in the driveway. Sunlight cut across them both. The look be"
tween them was unmistakable.

   And behind them, the house number. 2??.
   -arcyxs stomach turned. "Cord, not today.Y
   She called Nova twice. Straight to voicemail.
   So she scrolled to Elliotxs number and hit call.
   ze answered on the second ring. "zello.Y
   "Elliot Brooks.Y
   "Ies.Y
   "Elliot, itxs -arcy. 5 8ust left your place.Y
   A beat. "5s Nova okayRY
   "Shexs qne,Y -arcy said. "But have you been online this morningRY
   "No. WhyRY
   "Therexs a photo of you and Nova outside your house,Y -arcy said.
"The house number shows. 5txs spreading fast.Y
   Silence.
   "Iou are sure it is real,Y he said.
   "5 am looking at it right now,Y -arcy said. "Someone must have
taken it as she left. The hashtag OWho5s2?? is now trending.Y
F? WzEN TzE AUUCADSE MA6ES 'LUI 'LUI  34K

   Elliot ePhaled, forcing his body to stay calm. "What do 5 need to
doRY

   -arcy kept her voice qrm. "Stay home. 6o not answer the door.
6o not talk to anyone. No statements. No posts. 5f someone calls
pretending to be press, hang up. 5f someone shows up, close the door
and call me.Y

   "Dnderstood.Y
   "5 will reach Nova once she calls me back,Y -arcy said. "She doesnxt
know 5 am calling you yet.Y
   "5 qgured this might happen someday,Y Elliot said. "5 8ust did not
ePpect it to feel this personal.Y
   "5t always feels personal,Y -arcy said. "That is why we have to move
carefully.Y
   "Thank you,Y he said.
   "Iou do not need to thank me,Y -arcy replied. "5 protect her. That
includes you now.Y
   zis voice softened. "5 will do as you say.Y
   -arcyxs phone buGGed. Nova.
   "Elliot,Y -arcy said, "she is calling me now. 5 will tell her you are
safe.Y
   "Alright,Y he said Vuietly.
   -arcy switched lines and took a breath before answering. ...Nova....
   "Ieah,Y Nova said. "Iou talked to him.Y
   "5 did,Y -arcy said. "5 saw the photo. 5 did not want him blind"
sided.Y
   Nova sighed. ""reg called me. ze told me about it.Y
   "The house number shows,Y -arcy said. "5t is moving fast. 1e"
porters will move in before lunch.Y
   Nova went Vuiet for a moment. ...Then it is realR...
349  1. z. B1ASzEA1

   "5t is real,Y -arcy said. "But it is still manageable. 5 told him to
stay home and stay Vuiet. Iou need to do the same. No posts. No
comments. Nothing they can twist.Y

   "5 know,Y Nova said. "5t 8ust feels wrong not to say anything.Y
   "5 get that,Y -arcy replied. "But silence is your shield right now. Cet
me and "reg handle the noise until we know the angle.Y
   Novaxs voice dropped. "ze did not sound angry.Y
   "No,Y -arcy said. "ze sounded grounded. ze was more worried
about you than himself.Y
   "That sounds like him,Y Nova whispered.
   -arcy softened. "1eal things do not wait for perfect timing.Y
   Nova gave a shaky laugh. "That is one way to put it.Y
   "Stay o7 socials,Y -arcy said. "0eep your phone close. Eat some"
thing. Iou need a clear head.Y
   "Lkay.Y
   -arcy paused. "Iou are not alone in this.Y
   "5 know,Y Nova said, Vuieter. "Thank you.Y
   "Always,Y -arcy replied. "1emember who you are. They cannot
rewrite that.Y
   The call ended. Nova stared at the wall for a long moment, breath"
ing slow.
   Then she whispered, "Ulease keep him safe.Y

                          ***

Elliot sat at the kitchen table with his phone still in his hand. The
refrigerator hummed. The sea beyond the window looked calm, light
glinting across the waves like nothing had changed.

   ze had not moved since -arcyxs call.
F? WzEN TzE AUUCADSE MA6ES 'LUI 'LUI  34

   zis phone buGGed again.
   'lara.
   ze hesitated, then answered. "zey, sweetheart.Y
   "6ad,Y 'lara said, voice tight, "please tell me this is not true.Y
   ze closed his eyes. "Tell me what is not trueRY
   "There is a picture of you online,Y she said. "Iou and Nova zart.
5t is everywhere. Ueople are saying you are seeing her.Y
   "So you saw it.Y
   "Everyone has seen it,Y 'lara said. "Someone sent it to me with a
laughing emo8i. 5 do not want strangers to turn you into a 8oke.Y
   Elliot did not answer right away.
   "5 know,Y he said.
   "What were you thinkingRY she demanded. "She is a celebrity. And
she is so much younger than you.Y
   "She is also thoughtful and kind,Y he said. "And she listens. The
world does not see that part.Y
   'laraxs breath hitched. "Ueople are saying she stayed the night. 6ad,
the entire world thinks you slept with her.Y
   Elliot kept his voice even. "She stayed. She fell asleep on the couch.
5 sat in the chair and let her rest. Nothing inappropriate happened.Y
   "But nobody will ever believe that,Y 'lara said, her voice catching
despite her e7ort to steady it. "They are already making 8okes.Y
   "5 know what people will assume,Y he said gently. "And 5 know
what actually happened.Y
   "This feels unreal,Y she whispered. "-om would never understand
this.Y
   ze spoke gently to his daughter. "Iour mother trusted people
slowly. She always said to look at someonexs heart before the head"
lines.Y
   'lara went Vuiet. ze could hear her breathing.
3#  1. z. B1ASzEA1

   "5 8ust do not want you hurt,Y she said.
   zis voice softened. "5 will not. 5 promise.Y
   'lara ePhaled. "5 wish -om were here.Y
   "So do 5,Y he said.
   When the call ended, Elliot set the phone face down on the table.
   Every sound felt sharper than it should.
   ze stood, and without thinking, he checked the locks.
   Lnly after he qnished did he realiGe he had moved at all.
   ze went to the window. The ocean rolled in its peaceful rhythm.
   A car slowed in front of the house. Then another. Engines idled.
6oors opened. Foices gathered like static, rising.
   Lne person lifted a camera. The lens caught the morning light.
   Elliot stepped back from the glass.
   A knock sounded at the front door, Vuick and insistent.
   "-r. Brooks,Y a voice called. "'an we get a commentRY
   Elliot did not move.
   The knock came again, harder this time.
   "-r. Brooks, is Nova zart still thereR 'an you conqrm the rela"
tionshipRY
   The refrigerator hummed behind him.
   ze closed his eyes.
   "Ulease,Y he whispered. "Cet me do this right.Y
   The knock came again, louder this time.
CHAPTER E  IHTEEG

                      "The noise did not stop. I did."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova sat on the edge of the hotel bed with her phone in both hands,
staring at the photo like it was a bruise that kept spreading.

   Elliot in the driveway.
   Her face turned toward him.
   The house number in plain view.
   She had seen it once. That was enough.
   Now it was everywhere.
   Her screen kept refreshing without her meaning to. Clips. Zoom
ins. People circling the numbers. People making guesses like they were
solving a game.
   She forced herself to turn oI the phone.
   Silence did not stop the world. Jt only stopped her from feeding it.
   Her thumb hovered over the power button again. Rust to check.
Rust once.
42"  B. H. AB1SHE1B

   She dropped it onto the mattress instead.
   1 soft knock sounded at the door.
   Y?ou okay"M 'arcyOs voice called.
   Nova took a shallow breath and swallowed before she spoke.
YCome in.M
   'arcy stepped inside with her keys still in hand, hair pulled back as
if she had been driving hard and thinking harder. She took one look at
NovaOs face and her shoulders dropped.
   YGkay,M 'arcy said. Y?ou saw it.M
   Nova nodded, throat tight.
   'arcy crossed the room and turned the deadbolt, then checked the
latch without making a show of it. She walked back to the bed and sat
beside Nova like they had done a thousand times on tours when the
world got loud.
   YThey are moving faster than usual.M 'arcy folded her arms. YThat
house number made it easy.M
   Nova pressed her xngertips to her forehead. YJ feel sick.M
   YJ know,M 'arcy said. YAut listen to me. ?ou are going to do three
things and only three things right now.M
   Nova looked up.
   'arcy held up one xnger. Y?ou are going to stay oI socials.M
   Nova nodded.
   Second xnger. Y?ou are going to let Vreg and legal handle press. ?ou
do not post. ?ou do not comment. ?ou do not eWplain.M
   NovaOs mouth tightened. YThat feels wrong.M
   YJt feels wrong because you are a person,M 'arcy said. YAut stillness
is the only shield you have for him right now.M
   Third xnger. Y?ou are going to eat something and drink water.M
   Nova gave a small, broken laugh. YThat one feels impossible.M
L" UHEN THE 1PPF1DSE 31-ES CGP? CGP?  42j

   'arcyOs eyes softened. YThen take two bites. Two is still someq
thing.M

   Nova stared at her hands. Y-id you talk to him"M
   'arcy hesitated, zust a beat.
   NovaOs eyes lifted. Y'arcy.M
   YJ did,M 'arcy said. YJ called him before J called you back. J needed
him to lock down before someone knocked.M
   NovaOs chest s"uee'ed. YUas he angry.M
   YNo,M 'arcy said. YHe was worried about you.M
   Nova let out a breath that loosened something in her chest.
   YThat sounds like him,M she whispered.
   'arcy leaned back and watched her. YThis is real, Nova.M
   NovaOs eyes xlled. YThat is the problem.M
   'arcy did not correct her. She zust nodded, slow and careful, like
she was choosing not to push.
   NovaOs phone bu''ed again, loud against the "uiet.
   'arcy picked it up and glanced at the screen. YVreg.M
   Nova did not move.
   'arcy answered, voice calm and clean. 5Vreg.5
   Nova stood without thinking and drifted toward the bathroom
doorway. Vreg6s voice cut through the speaker, sharp and controlled,
and she stopped there and did not move.
   YUhere is she,M he asked.
   YJn Uilmington,M 'arcy said. YJn the room. Safe.M
   YUe need full lock down,M Vreg said. YNo posts. No contact. No
reaching out to him.M
   'arcyOs zaw tightened. YThat is what J told her.M
   YThe label is calling legal,M Vreg continued. YSponsors are asking
"uestions. They are using brand safety language now.M
   Nova 7inched at the phrase.
422  B. H. AB1SHE1B

   'arcy kept her voice even. YFet them talk. She is not posting.M
   YShe needs to understand the stakes,M Vreg said. YThis is not zust
gossip. This is escalation. 3ans are posting maps. Press will show up.M
   'arcy glanced at Nova, like she was checking that the warning
landed.
   NovaOs eyes dropped to the carpet.
   5She is with me,5 'arcy said. Y?ou handle your people.M
   1 pause.
   Then VregOs voice softened zust a little. YJs she falling apart.M
   'arcy looked at Nova again. Her eyes were wet, but her posture
was still upright. That mattered.
   YShe is scared,M 'arcy said. YAut she is here.M
   YVood,M Vreg replied. YTell her to stay inside. No windows. No
lobby. No nothing until we know what is outside the building.M
   'arcyOs tone turned xrm. YVreg, she is not a child.M
   YShe is a target,M he said.
   The word hung in the air.
   NovaOs stomach turned.
   'arcy ended the call before it could keep digging. She set the phone
down and reached for NovaOs hand.
   YHey,M she said. YFook at me.M
   Nova looked up.
   'arcyOs voice softened. Y?ou are not trapped. ?ou are protected.
There is a diIerence.M
   Nova swallowed hard. YJt does not feel like it.M
   YJ know,M 'arcy said. YAut you are going to get through today
without making it worse. That is the goal. Not perfect. Rust steady.M
   Nova blinked fast. YUhat about him.M
   'arcy s"uee'ed her hand once. YHe is staying "uiet. He is not
feeding the xre.M
L" UHEN THE 1PPF1DSE 31-ES CGP? CGP?  42...

   YHe does not deserve this.M
   'arcy did not argue.
   5J want him to know J am not running.5 'arcy nodded slowly.
5Then write it. -o not send it yet. Rust write it. ?our brain needs a
place to put the truth.5
   Nova grabbed her notebook from the bedside table and 7ipped it
open.
   Nova grabbed her notebook from the bedside table and 7ipped it
open. Her pen hovered, shaking.
   She wrote one line, then scratched it out.
   She wrote again.
   I did not choose this.
   I did not choose the photo.
   I did choose you.
   Her chest tightened on the last sentence. Jt felt too big. Too close
to the edge of what she had not said out loud.
   She pressed the pen down harder.
   Then she heard it, faint but real.
   1 small sound outside the room.
   Not words. Not clear. Rust the sense of movement in the hallway,
like people passing with purpose.
   'arcyOs ga'e shifted toward the door.
   NovaOs voice dropped. Y1re they here"M
   'arcy held up a hand. YFisten.M
   They both went still.
   1 mu8ed voice carried through the hall, then faded.
   'arcy stood and checked the peephole. She did not open the door.
   1fter a long moment she let out a slow breath. YCould be staI.
Could be anyone. Aut we do not take chances.M
   Nova nodded, heart pounding.
429  B. H. AB1SHE1B

   'arcy stepped back from the door. YJ am going to call Elliot again.M
   NovaOs eyes widened. Y'arcy, Vreg said no contact.M
   YVreg is not the one being hunted in the driveway,M 'arcy said,
"uiet but xrm. YJ am not posting. J am not feeding press. J am making
sure he stays safe.M
   NovaOs voice cracked. YPlease, do not say anything that makes him
feel responsible.M
   'arcyOs eWpression softened. YJ will not.M
   She stepped into the bathroom and left the door mostly closed, but
Nova could still hear the low murmur of her voice through the crack.
Nova sat on the bed, fro'en, not meaning to listen but unable to stop.
   Elliot answered "uickly.
   YHello.M
   YElliot, it is 'arcy,M she said. Y1re you still inside"M
   Y?es,M he replied. YClara called. The door has been loud.M
   'arcy lowered her voice. YVood. -o not open it. -o not talk
through it either. Jf anyone claims they zust want a comment, they are
xshing.M
   YJ understand,M Elliot said.
   YShe is safe,M 'arcy added. YShe is under lockdown. No posts. No
public contact.M
   1nother pause.
   YJs she alright"M Elliot asked.
   'arcy hesitated, then spoke gently. YShe is scared. 1nd she hates
that you are paying for this.M
   ElliotOs voice stayed calm, but it sounded heavier now. YJ hate that
she is paying too.M
   'arcyOs tone softened in a way that made NovaOs chest tighten.
   YShe wanted you to know she cares,M 'arcy said. Y'ore than she
knows how to say.M
L" UHEN THE 1PPF1DSE 31-ES CGP? CGP?  42

   Silence.
   Then ElliotOs breath, slow and controlled. YTell her J care too. She
does not have to prove anything to me.M
   'arcyOs voice went "uieter. YShe cares more than she eWpected to.M
   NovaOs breath caught. Her whole body went still.
   Elliot did not answer fast. Uhen he did, his voice sounded careful,
like he was holding something fragile.
   YJ will wait,M he said.
   'arcy eWhaled, almost relieved. YVood. That is what she needs.
Steady. No pressure.M
   YJ can do that,M Elliot said. YJ am praying for her.M
   'arcyOs voice softened. YJ am praying, too.M
   The call ended.
   Nova stood in the doorway without reali'ing she had moved. 'arq
cy turned and saw her there.
   'arcyOs eyes widened. YNova.M
   YJ did not mean to listen,M Nova whispered. YJ zust heard.M
   'arcy stepped closer. Y1re you mad"M
   Nova shook her head, tears sliding down now. YNo. J feel eWposed.M
   'arcy nodded. YJ know.M
   Nova wiped her face with the back of her hand. Y-id he really say
he would wait"M
   Y?es,M 'arcy said. YHe meant it.M
   Nova pressed her palm to her chest like she could keep her heart
from spilling out.
   YHe is so steady,M she whispered. Y1nd J am not.M
   'arcy took her shoulders gently. Y?ou are steadier than you think.
?ou are zust surrounded by noise.M
   Nova looked down at her notebook.
   The words were still there.
42  B. H. AB1SHE1B

   I did choose you.
   She drew a shaky breath and wrote a new line beneath it.
   Maybe some things do not vanish under light. Maybe they learn to
stand in it.
   'arcy watched her write, then nodded as if the sentence mattered.
   Nova set the pen down and folded her hands in her lap. Her lips
moved before she decided.
   YFord,M she whispered, Yhelp me be brave without being reckless.
Help me protect him. Help me not hide from what is true.M
   'arcy sat beside her again. No lecture. No xWing. Rust presence.
   Nova reached for her phone.
   'arcy tensed.
   Nova turned it oI.
   The screen went black. The low bu'' she hadnOt noticed until then
disappeared.
   Nova eWhaled. YJ cannot xght the world and stay honest at the same
time.M
   'arcy nodded. YThen do the neWt right thing.M
   Nova stared at the notebook and whispered, almost like she was
promising herself.
   YJ will not post. J will not perform. J will not panic.M
   'arcy gave a small smile. YThat sounds like you.M
   Gutside, the world called it curiosity.
   Jnside, Nova Hart sat in "uiet and let the truth stay plain.

                          ***

1nd far away, in a small seaside house with a locked door, Elliot Arooks
stayed calm.
L" UHEN THE 1PPF1DSE 31-ES CGP? CGP?  42

The noise had not "uieted.
He had.
CHAPTER   N  ETEE  

         Though the walls were clear, Love stayed concealed,
                      A silhouette in blinding light.

                I thought the quiet would help me heal,
                Until the world came looking for a *ght

                  - Nova Hart, from "Glass House"

                          NNN

The air conditioner hummed.
   Mova opened her eyes to a room that felt too bright.
   zascara dried beneath her lashes, rough against her skin.
   The phone buOOed. Fnce. Then again.
   It did not stop.
   Cor a moment she listened to the sound, slow and steady, like a

heartbeat that did not belong to her. Suriosity won. Vhe reached for
the phone and looked.

   Vhe was trending number one this morning.

   #NovaHart
   #MysteryMan
   #Oceanside
2W HEPM TEP ADDLAUVP CAYPV SFD1 SFD1  5-5

   Eer face *lled every thumbnail. Pach image caught the same look.
Eer head turned toward him. Eer mouth was open midGlaugh. UnG
guarded. 1ears of practice undone by one moment she forgot to perG
form.

   Mames stacked on the screen. Rreg. zarcy. A number marked D"
Pmergencies.

   Vhe turned the phone face down and closed her eyes.
   The quiet she had trusted had turned against her. It was supposed
to keep her safe. Mow it was where the noise began.
   The phone buOOed again. Louder somehow. Vharper.
   Mova picked it up.
   Rreg did not wait for hello.
   "Yo not hang up.B
   Eis voice was tight, already pulled thin. "Pvery outlet has the photo.
zorning shows. Rossip feeds. Industry blogs. The diner picture is
everywhere. Vomeone connected it to Fceanside. They know whose
house it was. They know he was at both places.B
   Mova sat up slowly, her stomach heavy. "Rreg, it is not what they
are saying.B
   ""ight now they are saying you spent the night with a man twice
your age. They are saying you have been sneaking around for months.B
   "I fell asleep on a couch,B she said. "That is all. I did nothing
wrong.B
   "I know,B Rreg said. "Kut silence looks guilty. The label wants a
statement. A tweet. Vomething about private friendship and creative
inspiration. ?eep it soft. ?eep it safe.B
   Eer voice cracked. "They are calling me reckless. Yesperate. Like I
planned this. Like I wanted any of it.B
5-W  ". E. K"AVEPA"

   "1ou think I do not hear itjB Rreg said. "I have been on the phone
since dawn trying to keep this from piling up.B

   "I did not sleep with him,B she said. "I fell asleep. That is it.B
   "I hear you,B he said, his tone tightening. "Kut the picture tells a
di3erent story.B
   "The picture lies.B
   "The picture sells,B Rreg said. "That is what matters.B
   Mova sat straighter. "Vo I smile, post something vague, and pretend
none of it happened.B
   "1es.B
   Eer hand shook around the phone. "1ou are asking me to bury the
truth.B
   "I am asking you to survive the day.B
   Mo sound came from the line.
   "1ou care more about the version of me they buy,B she whispered.
   "That is my 4ob,B Rreg replied. "1our 4ob is to make people believe
it.B
   Vhe laughed once, without humor. "Then maybe I am done doing
my 4ob.B
   "Yo not say that,B he warned. "1ou are tired.B
   "I mean it.B
   The line went dead.
   Mova set the phone down. The screen glowed with messages she did
not open. The room felt staged, too careful. Pven the hum of the air
conditioner sounded false.
   Vhe reached for her notebook. The cover was soft from travel, corG
ners bent, pages crowded with half written lyrics. Eer hand hovered
over a blank page.
   Mothing came.
2W HEPM TEP ADDLAUVP CAYPV SFD1 SFD1                          5-x

   Vhe closed it and looked at her re6ection in the dark mirror of her
phone. Eer face looked older. Mot from age, but from being seen.

   Vhe tried again.

I am sorry this happened. I never meant for it to touch you.

   Vhe stared at the sentence until the letters blurred, then dragged the
pen through them hard enough to tear the page.

   Vhe turned to a clean corner.

You do not owe anyone an explanation. I hope you are okay.

   Vhe crossed that one out too, pressing deep enough to leave grooves
in the paper beneath.

   The blank space felt louder than words.
   A soft knock broke the stillness. Three quick taps and one slower.
zarcy.
   Mova closed the notebook and went to the door.
   zarcy stood in the hallway with a paper bag and two co3ees. Eer
hair was tied back. Vunglasses hid her eyes.
   "Eey,B she mumbled. "1ou up for companyjB
   Mova nodded and stepped aside.
   zarcy set the co3ee down. "It is chaos out there. "eporters are
parked by the elevators. I told them you were asleep.B
   "1ou lied.B
   zarcy shrugged. "I protected my client.B
   "1ou saw the photos.B
   "All of them.B
   "They look bad.B
   "They look real,B zarcy said. "That is worse.B
5-7  ". E. K"AVEPA"

   Mova looked down at her hands. "I did nothing wrong.B
   "I know,B zarcy said. "Kut people want a story.B
   "I am tired of being one.B
   zarcy studied her face. "Then tell a better one.B
   "Hhat does that mean.B
   "Yo not let them write it for you,B zarcy said. "Vay something
when you are ready. Mot for the label. Cor yourself.B
   Mova nodded slowly, unsure if she believed she could.
   zarcy slid a co3ee toward her. "Yrink this.B
   The heat grounded her.
   "Rreg wants a post,B Mova said.
   "I know,B zarcy said. "Ee also wants a miracle.B
   "I am not giving him either.B
   "Then we start small,B zarcy said. "Vhower. Pat. Kreathe. Hrite one
true sentence.B
   "I could not even write half of one.B
   "1ou will,B zarcy said. "Mot for them. Cor you.B
   "They think I slept with him.B
   "I know.B
   "I did not.B
   "I know that too.B
   "Ee made co3ee. He talked. I fell asleep.B
   zarcy folded the bag. "Truth and rumor never move at the same
speed.B
   Mova looked up. "Yo you think I made this worse.B
   "I think you were human,B zarcy said. "The world is bad at that.B
   Mova e8haled. "I want to protect him.B
   "Then do not post today,B zarcy said.
   "Ee will still be in it.B
2W HEPM TEP ADDLAUVP CAYPV SFD1 SFD1   5--

   "Ee already is,B zarcy replied. "Kut you can choose how much you
add.B

   Mova opened the notebook again. The torn page showed like a
wound. Vhe 6ipped past it and found a clean sheet.

I was not made for lies.

   It did not *8 anything. Kut it did not feel false.
   zarcy stood. "I will run interference. If Rreg calls again, I will stall
him.B
   "Thank you.B
   "Vhower,B zarcy said. "Then try again.B
   Mova watched her leave.
   Vteam fogged the bathroom mirror. Vhe washed her face clean.
zascara rinsed away. Mo makeup. Mo costume. Vhe dressed in soft
clothes and tied her hair back.
   Hhen she sat at the desk again, the paper did not scare her as much.

If they shout, I will not sing along.

Vhe paused, then added another.

If mercy finds me, I will not run.

   Eer phone buOOed on the bed. Vhe let it sit.
   Vhe crossed the room and stood by the window. A gull cut across
the sky.
   Vhe typed two sentences to him, then stopped. Vending them felt
like making something real.
   Vhe copied the words into the back of her notebook instead.
5-  ". E. K"AVEPA"

   A knock sounded. Vlower. Eeavier.
   Vecurity stood with the hotel manager. They o3ered a quieter 6oor.
   Vhe looked around the room once. It had not become hers. Mone
of them did anymore.
   Ten minutes later she packed only what mattered. Motebook.
Dhone. Eoodie. Vhe left the 6owers behind.
   Rreg called again.
   "I am moving,B she said. "Mo press.B
   "1ou still need to post.B
   "Mo.B
   "The label is drafting something.B
   "They can send it.B
   A pause.
   "Is he important to youjB Rreg asked.
   Mova breathed. "Ee was kind to me.B
   "That is not a strategy.B
   "It is the truth.B
   "I will buy you si8 hours,B he said.
   At the new room she sat at the desk again.
   Vhe rested her forehead against the desk.
   The words stayed inside her.
   Vhe breathed.
   Then she lifted her head.
   zarcy te8ted things were clear. There was food in the bag. A slice
of pie. The foil was still warm.
   Mova smiled.
   Vhe wrote a fourth line.

    I will not trade quiet for applause.
2W HEPM TEP ADDLAUVP CAYPV SFD1 SFD1                  5-

Vhe opened the te8t thread with Plliot.

                       Still   hehr .eh Ayo usahf

Mova typed.

? sI   hehr m  hA Tswt Ih ty nyut s lihr ? sI
wyt nyutiwpr

The reply came.

                       gyyGr ? Till utsA doihtq tyyr

Eer throat tightened.
     m  sw, Ayor

As evening settled, she wrote again.

They watched the glass and called it me.
I kept my real name out of sight.
If I am held up to the light,
Let what is honest be the thing they see.

Vhe underlined the last line.
5-  ". E. K"AVEPA"

    Hhen sleep came, it did not feel like escape. It felt earned.
    Vhe would not post.
    Vhe would not lie.
    Vhe would tell the truth when she was ready.
    The room settled.
    Mova breathed and let the day close.
CHAPTER T  EWTN

                  "Peace was never the absence of noise.
               It was what stayed when the noise arrived."

                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The morning smelled of rain.
   Elliot waited at the counter for the kettle to sing while the brst light

bltered through the Olinds. ,utsidep the sea was yale and stillp the kind
of calm that made Hou susyicious.

   ve youred the water oqer the grounds and whisyered a yraHer for
Guiet. ve thanked Nod for the yeace that still liqed inside the walls of
the house.

   ve scrolled oncep then stoyyed.
   The same yhoto blled eqerH feed. The thin morning light found
him and 'oqa near the carp her smile oyenp his hand still yartiallH raised
as though he hadn#t bnished saHing something. The tag followed it
eqerHwhere. WIho5s2RR.
60z  B. v. ABS1vESB

   vis thumO hoqered oqer the commentsp then moqed yast them.
ve set the yhone facedown on the taOle. The hush that followed felt
temyorarHp like air Oefore a shift in wind.

   ve oyened his AiOle Oeside the mug. The words reminded him that
yeace did not deyend on silence.

The Lord is my refuge and strength.

   ve whisyered the qerse again until his heart steadied.
   ,utsidep a gull crossed the graH skH. The cojee cooled on the taOle.
ve told himself he could still choose Guiet eqen when the world
shouted.
   The yhone Ou""ed once. ve ignored it.
   5t Ou""ed againp longer this time.
   AH the third qiOrationp the sound of yeace had changed.
   S car slowed outsidep its tires whisyering oqer the damy street. ve
watched it yass Oehind the dunes and fade.
   1omething in him tightened. ve set the mug down carefullH and
waited.
   Then came the knock at the door.
   ve moqed to the hallwaH and looked through the small window
Oeside the frame.
   Two yeoyle stood on the yorch in dark Mackets. The woman held a
yhone readH. The man carried a camera on a stray. S car idled OH the
curOp its headlights still on.
   1he said his name with yracticed cheer.
   ?"r. Arooks'P
   Elliot did not stey aside.
   ?Nood morning. 5Cm Bachel Vierce with Loast'ow Badio. Lan we
haqe a Guick word'P
UR IvE' TvE SVVFSD1E YSJE1 L,V" L,V"  606

   ver tone was yolitep Out the raised camera told the truth. TheH were
alreadH recording.

   ?SOout what'P he asked.
   ?SOout 'oqa vartpP she said. ?ThereCs Oeen a lot of talk online. Sre
Hou and 'oqa in a relationshiy'P
   ve keyt his qoice eqen. ?5 donCt haqe anHthing to saH.P
   The man steyyed closer with the camera. ?xust a Guick comment.
Yans want to hear Hour side.P
   Elliot yressed his thumO against the door framep grounding himself
in something solid. ?Vlease leaqe mH yroyertH.P
   BachelCs smile thinned. ?ThereCs a yhoto of her outside a house
HesterdaH morning. AH the car. The waH Hou#re looking at each other.P
   1he tilted her head. ?Veoyle are saHing itCs more than friendshiy. Jo
Hou want to clarifH anHthing'P
   vis Maw setp the muscles along his neck tightening. ?"ou should
leaqe.P
   Jown the streetp a neighOorCs door oyened. Uoices carried faintlH in
the cool air. The man lifted the lens higherp readH to catch anHthing.
   ?Turn that ojpP Elliot said calmlH.
   ?xust doing our MoOp sirpP the man reylied.
   ?"ouCre on yriqate yroyertHpP Elliot saidp K5#qe asked Hou to leaqe.K
   Bachel tilted her headp signaling the cameraman to keey blming.
?"r. Arooksp do Hou think this storH could hurt 'oqaCs career'P
   ve closed the door and turned the lock. Through the glass he heard
her narrate a closing line for the qideo.
   5nsidep his yulse ran hard in his ears. ve stood still and counted his
Oreathsp slow and deliOeratep until the noise receded. Beal life didnCt
shout like this.
   The yhone Ou""ed again on the taOle.
   "arcH was calling.
60R  B. v. ABS1vESB

   Elliot answered immediatelH. ?"arcH'P
   ?Elliotp Nreg is with mepP she said GuicklH. ?ve needs to talk to
Hou.P
   ve drew a Oreath. ?Slright. Vut him on.P
   S Oeatp and then NregCs qoice came through the linep cliyyed and
controlled.
   ?"r. Arooksp we need to talk.P
   ?Lall me Elliot.P
   ?ElliotpP Nreg reyeated. vis qoice carried strain. ?Tell me Hou didnCt
talk to anHone.P
   ?TheH came to the door. 5 asked them to leaqe.P
   ?Jid Hou saH anHthing on record'P
   ?'o. 5 said 5 had nothing to saH.P
   Nreg e-haledp shary and relieqed. ?Nood. ...eey it that waH. Be3
yorters are eqerHwhere. This thing is alreadH national. The storH is
moqing too fast to stoy.P
   ?5Cqe seen the tagpP Elliot murmured. ?WIho5s2RR.P
   ?Then hereCs the yroOlempP Nreg said. ?1ome outlets are saHing itCs
Oeen going on for months.P
   ?That isnCt true.P
   ?Truth stoyyed Oeing the yoint si- hours agopP Nreg said 4atlH.
?Veoyle Oelieqe whateqer gets the most qiews.P ve yaused. ?'oqa
trusts Hou. "ore than she yroOaOlH should.P
   Elliot stilled. ?1he told Hou that'P
   ?1he didnCt haqe topP Nreg saidp his qoice losing its yolish. ?The waH
sheCs looking at Hou in the yhoto saHs eqerHthing.P
   ve e-haled. ?The laOelCs alreadH syinning aOout the age dijerence.
S world3famous artist in her twenties. S widowed man in his forties.
5tCs a VB minebeld.P
   ?1he didnCt do anHthing wrong.P
UR IvE' TvE SVVFSD1E YSJE1 L,V" L,V"  60

   ?5 know she didnCtpP Nreg reylied. ?Snd 5 know Hou didnCt either.
Aut the truth doesnCt matter right now. The storH does.P

   ve hesitated. ?1heCs safep Out shaken. Ie moqed her Oefore the
Oigger outlets showed uy. 1heCs under lockdown. 5Cm trHing to contain
thisp Out itCs syreading faster than 5 can control.P

   ?1he doesnCt deserqe this.P
   ?'o one doespP Nreg said. ?Fookp Hou seem like a decent man.
Aut whether Hou meant to or notp HouCre yart of a situation 5 haqe
to manage. Snd right nowp the safest thing Hou can do is staH silent.
'o interqiews. 'o comments. 'o yosts. 'o friends talking for Hou.
'othing. Fet me and her team handle the fallout.P
   ?5 willpP Elliot said. ?5Cm not looking for attention.P
   ?Nood.P Nreg yaused. ?...eey the door closed. 1taH oj Hour yhone
unless itCs me or "arcH.P
   ?Dnderstood.P
   ?5 hoye Hou mean thatpP Nreg muttered.
   The line went dead.
   Elliot set the yhone on the counter and listened to the distant hum
of qoices on the yorch. ve yressed his yalm 4at against the counter
and staHed there until the urge to defend her softened into something
steadier.
   ve turned toward the Oack door where softer light fell across the
4oor. The air smelled of salt and rain. ve staHed there longer than
necessarHp letting the Guiet bnish what the conqersation had Oegun.
   vis thoughts shifted to Llara. 1he would see the storH Oefore noon.
1omeone at work would mention it. 1he would haqe to decide what to
saHp and he could not make that easier for her.
   ve closed his eHes.
   Lord, give me the right words when she calls.
   The yhone staHed Guiet. ve let it.
60  B. v. ABS1vESB

   The yraHer lingered in the still house.
   ve yeeked through the curtain. ,utsidep reyorters clustered along
the walkwaH. Vhones hoqered. S man adMusted a camera with a tele3
yhoto lensp the red light faint Out constant.
   Ss soon as he moqed the curtainp lenses lifted in unison.
   ve steyyed Oack. S car door shut somewhere OeHond the dunes.
Uoices grew sharyer. This wasn#t morning yeace. 5t was a crowd wait3
ing to take something.
   Sfter a moment he crossed Oack to the window and moqed the
curtain an inch. Through the glass he caught a 4ash of Oright color
near the gate. Beyorters reacted instantlH. Vhones rose. Lameras an3
gled. The hum of eGuiyment swelled as theH Oegan recording Oefore
knowing what theH were blming.
   "rs. Janner steyyed into qiew.
   1mall Out determinedp qest "iyyedp walking shoes ylanted brm on
the yaqement. The cameras were alreadH rolling.
   ?Aack oj the steyspP she saidp her qoice cutting through the morn3
ing air. ?This isnCt a circus. 5t isnCt Hour storH.P
   1he folded her arms. ?5Cqe liqed through hurricanes and heartOreak.
5 donCt haqe time for grown adults circling like this.P
   S man tried to answerp Out she talked oqer him.
   ?"ou heard me. ,j the yorch. 5f Hou need to shoutp do it from the
sidewalk like ciqili"ed yeoyle.P
   ver words carried across the Hard with the ease of someone who
had Oeen a grandmother longer than anH reyorter had held a camera.
   The steys cleared Must enough. The red recording lights staHed on.
   1he climOed the last two steys and rang the Oellp still syeaking loudlH
enough for the cameras.
   Elliot oyened the door.
   ?"orningp "rs. Janner.P
UR IvE' TvE SVVFSD1E YSJE1 L,V" L,V"  602

   1he steyyed inside without hesitationp calling Oack oqer her shoul3
derp ?Turn those cameras oj. There is nothing for Hou here.P

   The door closed Oehind herp lowering the outside noise to a dull
hum.

   1he held out a foil3wrayyed loaf. ?Aanana Oread. Iith walnuts. 1till
warm.P

   ?Thank HoupP Elliot said.
   ?"ou holding uy'P she asked softlH.
   ?5 will Oe.P
   ?Nood. Eat something. Snd if Hou need to get outp use mH Oack
gate. The one OH the a"aleas. TheH wonCt see Hou sliy through.P
   ?5 ayyreciate that.P
   1he gaqe a brm nod. ?Ie take care of our own here.P
   ve unwrayyed the corner of the loaf. The sweetness drifted into
the room.
   ?"ouCre a good neighOorpP she said. ?JonCt let them make Hou
douOt that.P
   ?Thank Hou.P
   1he steyyed Oack onto the yorch. The reyorter followed her with
a camera. 1he syoke to him the whole waH down the steysp and Elliot
caught one bnal sentence Oefore she reached the sidewalk.
   ?'ot eqerH storH Oelongs to the world.P
   ve closed the door. The house smelled of warm Oread and salt air.
   ,utsidep a qoice sharyened his name. Snother followedp louder.
   S car door slammed. S camera motor whined as it refocused.
   ve carried the loaf to the counter and cut a slice. The taste steadied
him. The qerse in his oyen AiOle waited on the taOlep reliaOle and
unchanged.

The Lord is my refuge and strength.
600  B. v. ABS1vESB

The words staHed with him as the noise outside swelled.
The noise did not get the bnal word.
CHAPTER T  EWTNY-WE

                          They can twist the story.
                   They cannot change what happened.

                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The video spread because it worked.
   It was funny at Arst. Then it cut.
   g nei'hborls shaky phone cMip. Ten seconds of Drs. -anner step,

pin' onto her porchH one hand raised Mike a traSc cop. mer voice was
sharpH "outhernH unBistakabMe.

   "Rack oE the stepsH1 she said. "This is not a circusH and this is not
your story.1

   gt ArstH the internet i'nored Bost of it. It took onMy the BiddMe Mine.
   "oBeone cMipped the BoBent she said it. gnother Mooped it. g
third dropped a beat underneath the words.

   This is... Not a circus.
   This is... Not a circus.
NP'         6. m. R6g"m8g6

   The sound spread.
   Ry BidBornin'H it was everywhere.
   mashta's stacked and BuMtipMied.
   jo one couMd scroMM past her.
   FeopMe started pMayin' aMon'.
   Teena'ers AMBed dances in Bessy bedrooBsH wa''in' their An'ers
in tiBe with Drs. -annerGs voice.
   Then the captions shifted.

Not a circus?
Then what is she doing smiling like that?

   The cMip cut to jova steppin' into her car at sunriseH her sBiMe
sMowed Vust enou'h to Min'er.

   Ry seven in the Bornin'H the Voke had teeth.
   It stopped bein' about Drs. -anner.
   It needed soBeone eMse to point at.
   jova woke to her phone vibratin' across the ni'htstandH rattMin'
Mike it wanted to escape. 2or one disoriented second she thou'ht it was
her aMarB. Then she bMinked at the screen and feMt her stoBach drop.
   jotiAcations stacked Mike faMMin' doBinoes. Dentions. Ta's. Des,
sa'es BuMtipMyin' faster than she couMd read theB.
   Wre'Gs naBe sat at the top with Ave Bissed caMMs.
   mer puMse stuBbMed. "he opened her feed before she couMd stop
herseMf.
   Drs. -annerGs voice bMasted throu'h the speakersH Mooped into a
steady beat. jovaGs own face Lickered behind itH cau'ht Bid sBiMe as
she stepped oE the driveway.

This is...
UC Om8j Tm8 gFFYg9"8 2g-8" x7F0 x7F0                           NPz

Not a circus.
This is...
Not a circus.

   "he cMapped a hand over her BouthH the sound in her throat cau'ht
between a Mau'h and a cry.

   "7h no. jo. joH noH no.1
   The coBBents poured in.

Old guys are in!
She announced she wanted a break last month. Let her breathe.
This is so staged. Total PR.

"he scroMMed a'ainH bracin' herseMf.

   Older guy energy confirmed. He looks like he owns a landline on
purpose.

   He seems like the type who carries coupons in a neat little folder and
thinks it is edgy.

   Why does he look like he says that is a want, not a need at the grocery
store?

   mer throat ti'htened. The internet had a way of turnin' breath into
noise.

   "he kept scroMMin'.
   "oBeone had Bade a side by side of her sBiMin' in the driveway and
her on sta'e Bonths earMierH e3hausted under hot Mi'hts.

Tell me this is the same girl.
N?q  6. m. R6g"m8g6

gnother coBBent Loated up.

He looks safe. That's suspicious. ;)

mer hands shook. "he Mocked the phoneH then unMocked it a'ain.
Then she saw coBBents that feMt diEerent.

Leave her alone. She finally looks happy for once.
Yall will make drama out of anything.
She is allowed to have a life.
This is the most relaxed she has looked in months.

   "he kept scroMMin' untiM she didnGt.
   7ne coBBent stayed on the screen Mon'er than the rest.
   "top actin' Mike she owes you a press reMease for bein' huBan.
   mer phone bu""ed a'ain. Wre'.
   "he pressed decMine.
   jova crossed the rooB and cMosed the curtainsH shuttin' out the
paMe Bornin' Mi'ht. The rooB sBeMMed Mike hoteM soap and coMd coEee.
mer RibMe sat on the deskH the corner foMded where she had underMined
FsaMB ...N.

You are my refuge and my fortress.

   "he read the wordsH but they feMt thin a'ainst the roar in her chest.
gMM she couMd think about was how peacefuM the ni'ht before had been.
mow honest. jow it was content.

   mer phone bu""ed a'ain. g Bessa'e froB Darcy.
   "aw the Bash ups. FeopMe are Mosin' their Binds. -o not Mook if you
can heMp it. 0ou did nothin' wron'.
UC Om8j Tm8 gFFYg9"8 2g-8" x7F0 x7F0  N?N

   jova pressed her forehead to the ed'e of the desk.
   "YordH1 she whisperedH "pMease heMp Be hoMd on to what is reaM.1
   Ry BidBornin'H Wre'Gs oSce had turned into a war rooB.
   2our screens Mit the waMMs. TikTok. 0ouTube. Twitter. The MabeMGs
press dashboard. g Afth Maptop streaBed cabMe news on Bute.
   ""oBeone needs to Bake sure we own the soundH1 one of the F6
reps said.
   Wre' cut hiB oE. "7wn it4 They aMready ran with it. OeGre chasin'
it.1
   me had been awake since four.
   The cMip had VuBped froB Afty thousand views to three BiMMion in
under si3 hours. g jashviMMe radio station had Bocked up a reBi3.
g Mate ni'ht host had 5ueued it for BonoMo'ue Vokes. Ye'aM wanted
takedowns. "ociaM ar'ued that wouMd onMy feed the beast.
   "-o we deny she was there41 a Vunior rep asked.
   "joH1 Wre' said. "Oe donGt feed it.1
   mis inbo3 stacked with subVect Mines.

Nova Hart Love Story
Faith and Fame Collide
Is the Mystery Man a Mentor or More
xan Oe Wet g xoBBent

me typed the stateBent hiBseMf and sent it to Me'aM for approvaM.

Ms. Hart is focusing on her upcoming tour and values her privacy.

"afe. xoMorMess. RuiMt to disappear.
mis phone bu""ed. jova.
N?C                      6. m. R6g"m8g6

   "-o not postH1 he said iBBediateMy. "-o not e3pMain. It burns out
faster if you Meave it aMone.1

   "This isnGt fair.1
   "jothin' about this Vob is fairH1 Wre' repMied. "0ou wanted reaM Mife.
This is the cost.1
   mer voice softened. "Is he okay41
   Wre' cMosed his eyes. "meGs not By priority. 0ou are. "tay o:ine.1
   me hun' up.
   Rehind hiBH on one of the screensH Drs. -annerGs voice bounced
over a bri'ht dance track.

This is...Not a circus.

Wre' ButteredH "xouMd have fooMed Be.

                          ***

8MMiot had Vust Anished rinsin' his pMate when his phone bu""ed a'ain.
Then a'ain. Then a'ain.

   "i3teen unread Bessa'es.
   Three Bissed caMMs.
   xMara rattMed oE severaM te3ts.

     Dad a  r eyo auawr
     k  r eyo Arrsin gtsAh
     ?PraAr aiAur  
     Dadhhhhh
UC Om8j Tm8 gFFYg9"8 2g-8" x7F0 x7F0  N?...

   me opened one of the Minks.
   Drs. -annerGs voice e3pModed throu'h the speakers.

   This is ... Not a circus.

   Then the video cut to hiB standin' fro"en in his doorwayH cau'ht
Bid bMink. g caption Loated above the fraBe.

   Older guy energy confirmed.

   8MMiot nearMy dropped the phone.
   me watched the cMip a'ain.
   Drs. -annerGs voice cut throu'h the coBBotionH foMMowed iBBe,
diateMy by jovaGs faceH fro"en Bid,sBiMeH the kind she never 'ave the
caBera.
   mis own iBa'e appeared onMy Mon' enou'h to be MabeMed.
   me Mooks Mike he owns a Mand Mine on purpose.
   "ThatGs not even 1 me Met the rest 'o.
   xorrectin' the Voke wouMd not 'ive anythin' back.
   8MMiot watched the cMip a'ainH then turned the voMuBe down.
   Drs. -anner had stepped in to shieMd hiB.
   jow her voice was bein' passed around Mike a toy.
   me wondered if she had 'one back inside afterward and Anished her
breakfast.
   gnother coBBent foMMowed.
   He lectures people about screen time while using reading glasses.
   me pushed his 'Masses hi'her on his nose without thinkin'.
   The phone bu""ed a'ain.
N?  6. m. R6g"m8g6

    Dad lPraAr aiAur  p

   me sat down sMowMyH a wei'ht pressin' a'ainst his ribs.
   me Met the noise settMe.
   Then he caMMed her back.
   "-adH1 she said iBBediateMy. "Ohy are you on By feed a'ain41
   "IGB tryin' to understand that.1
   "They fro"e you Bid,bMink. FeopMe keep sendin' it to Be.1
   "I noticed.1
   "gnd the coupon thin'. 0ou donGt even cMip coupons.1
   "IGB aMM ri'htH1 he said 'entMy.
   "joH youGre not.1
   "ItGs noiseH1 he said. "It wiMM pass.1
   gfter a pauseH her voice softened. "gre you sure41
   "I aBH1 he said. "Rut pray for jova. "heGs carryin' Bore than I aB.1
   "gMready did.1

                          ***

me opened the front door to 'et the paper.
   g foMded newspaper sat on the porchH wei'hed down by a sBooth

sheMM.
   me bent to pick it up.
   xaBeras burst to Mife froB the street.
   "There he is.1
   ""irH can you coBBent41
   "Is jova mart stayin' here41
   me stepped back inside and Mocked the door.
UC Om8j Tm8 gFFYg9"8 2g-8" x7F0 x7F0  N?

   The paper showed a 'rainy photo of jova steppin' into her car. me
was bMurred in the doorway behind her but the headMine said it aMM

   Om7 I" CC4 Tm8 Dgj R8mIj- j7Ug mg6TG" "DIY8.

me foMded the paper once and set it down carefuMMy.
Then he reached for his phone and did not open the coBBents.

                          ***

The air feMt heavier in jovals rooB.
   Thunder roMMed across the waterH Mow and distantH and the Mi'ht at

the window thinned as cMouds cMosed in.
   jova sat on the ed'e of the bedH phone face down. Wre' had aMready

te3ted twice.
   7n By way. -o not taMk to anyone.
   "They can twist the storyH1 she whispered. "Rut they canGt chan'e

what happened.1
   Wre' arrived daBp with rain.
   "They wonGt Met it 'oH1 he said. "Oe survive the storB Arst.1
   "I donGt want to Mie.1
   "0ou wonGtH1 he said. "Rut you wiMM stay 5uiet.1
   gn hour MaterH she turned on the teMevision.

   STATEMENT FROM SILVER LINE RECORDS:
   In response to circuMatin' content taken out of conte3tH Ds. mart
re5uests privacy as she continues to focus on her work and upcoBin'
coBBitBents.

   "FrivacyH1 jova whispered.
N?P               6. m. R6g"m8g6
   Darcy te3ted.

.  ragtrp Brg Lyd Gsntg gtr faggPrA eyo baic
iygp

   "IGB tryin'H1 jova said to herseMf.
   7utsideH the worMd scroMMed and specuMated. xMips BuMtipMied. 8dits
Mayered huBor over crueMtyH truth over noise.
   "tiMMness heMdH and each of theB paid for it diEerentMy.
   jova prayed.
   8MMiot steadied his breath.
   Wre' worked the probMeB.
   The rain eased. The noise did not.
CHAPTER T  EWTNYT  -

                         "I did not call it ending.
                           I called it listening."
                          ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Elliot stepped outside just after eight, the air still cool from the night
rain.

   The street looked ordinary again. Damp pavement. A dog barking
two houses down. The Wag across the way barely stirring.

   Ohatever storm had passed through had already found somewhere
else to land.

   He had not planned to go anywhere. He only needed the mail.
   Mn the curb, Srs. Danner calmly sorted envelopes, accustomed to
the unhurried pace of morning mail.
   "he looked up when she saw him and smiled, calm and unbothered.
   "Oell,I she said. "Rf it is not my most famous neighbor.I
   His shoulders eased. "R am sorry about yesterday.I
   "he waved a hand. "Honey, R have been mistaken for worse things
than a headline.I
78x  B. H. 1BA"HEAB

   He nodded once, then said the thing he had been carrying since he
woke up. "R prayed for you.I

   Srs. Danner paused, her Yngers stilling on the stack of mail. Then
she smiled again, softer this time.

   "That eqplains why R slept just Yne,I she said. "Cou take care of
yourself.I

   He watched her walk back up her drive, unhurried as ever. The
street stayed 'uiet after she went inside.

                          ***

1y midmorning, the street had changed.
   "omewhere between breakfast and her drive across town, the story

had caught again.
   :lara almost turned the car around twice. Each time she slowed at

the eqit, a Wash went oz, and she saw her father-s porch on another
stranger-s phone screen. Beporters lined the street like gulls after a
storm' telephoto lenses, umbrellas, a van with a satellite dish wobbling
in the breeGe. The same white house she had grown up in was now
1Vroll for gossip.

   Her name cut through the air. :lara froGe for half a second. "he
hadn2t even turned oz the ignition.

   "Preat,I she muttered under her breath. "They have faster research
skills than my students.I

   "he pushed past them, jaw tight, shielding her face with one hand.
A woman in a denim jacket tried to hand her a business card. :lara
did not look at it. The smell of wet asphalt and cozee from a nearby
thermos made her stomach turn.
LU OHEN THE AFF9A0"E "ADE" :MFC :MFC  78?

   1y the time she reached the porch, her pulse was hammering. "he
knocked harder than she meant to.

   Elliot opened the door before she could knock again.
   "Cou should not have to go through that,I he said.
   "R should not have to, but here we are.I "he brushed past him and
set her bag on the chair. "Cou have reporters camping in your aGaleas,
Dad.I
   "R know,I he said 'uietly. "R told them R would not be giving stateV
ments.I
   "Oell, they are making plenty without you.I
   He poured cozee into two mugs and slid one toward her. "Cou look
tired.I
   "R am furious.I "he did not take the mug. "R told my principal R
was sick just so R could come here. Now my picture will probably be
online, and she will know eqactly what R did.I
   He nodded. "R am sorry.I
   "he stared at him. "Cou don2t even look surprised.I
   "R have seen storms before,I he said. "They pass.I
   "Not this kind,I she snapped. "This one has hashtags.I
   He met her eyes. "Rf you are asking whether she was here, yes. "he
came by that night. Oe talked for hours, and she fell asleep on the
couch. Nothing happened beyond that. "he went home after mornV
ing.I
   He hesitated. "R care about her. A lot.I
   :lara said nothing.
   The space between them shifted.
   ""he is very rich, Dad. The kind of wealth that does not share Gip
codes with grief. "he lives in the public eye. Cou hide from it. "he-s in
a completely dizerent season of life than you.I
7xK  B. H. 1BA"HEAB

   The words rushed out now, Yerce and unYltered, everything she
had been holding since she saw his name trending beside Nova-s.

   3And she2s twentyVYve years younger than you.3
   Elliot stayed still, hands folded. "R am aware of the math.I
   "Prace does not change the facts,I she said. ""acts matter. Cou
taught me that. 9ove without wisdom still hurts people. 1ut here2s the
thing, Dad. Cou are a good man. Feople trust you. They sit across from
you on their worst days. They tell you things they don-t tell anyone
else. Cou can-t pretend that doesn-t mean something.I
   "R am not pretending,I he said.
   "1ut she can walk away,I :lara pressed. ""he can disappear into a
private jet and a gated house and a FB team. Cou cannot. Cou live here.
Cou buy groceries here. Ohen this eqplodes, it will land on you.I
   "Rt is already landing,I he said 'uietly.
   "That is my point. Rt has barely started.I
   "he pulled out a chair and sat because her knees felt unsteady. "he
wrapped both hands around the seat like she could anchor herself.
"How long.I
   "A few weeks. 9ess than a month.I
   "And it is already a national headline.I
   "That part was not our choice.I
   "he laughed once, sharp and brittle. "Nothing about this is your
choice anymore.I
   "he looked up at him then. His face held the same steady grief
she knew from other hard days, the look he wore when he carried
something heavy and refused to set it down. Rt made her want to shake
him and hug him at the same time.
   "Cou need to end it,I she said. "1efore it destroys you. 1efore it takes
what2s left of Som in this house.I
LU OHEN THE AFF9A0"E "ADE" :MFC :MFC  7x7

   He was 'uiet. Then he said, "Cour mother is not a set of photos on
the walls. Anyone R care about now does not threaten her. "he is with
the 9ord. That is what we have said since the day we said goodbye. Do
you still believe it4I

   :lara pressed her lips together. "R do.I
   "Then nothing can take her place. Not anyone. Not ever.I
   Tears burned, sudden and angry. "he wiped them fast with the heel
of her hand. "Rt feels like a replacement. 9ike a bright new thing rolled
in to take the ache away. And it hurts, Dad. Rt hurts to see them pull
you into their machine and call it love.I
   He looked toward the window where light cut across the Woor. "Rt is
not a machine here,I he said. "Oe drank cozee and watched the water.
Oe prayed at my kitchen table. "he asked about your mother, and R
told her the truth. "he was kind. Not careful. 6ind.I
   ""he is young,I :lara said again.
   ""he is a grown woman,I he said. "And R am a grown man. Oe have
been careful. Oe did not cross lines. R will not give you details you do
not need, but R will tell you this. "he brought light back into the room.
No noise. 9ight. Rt felt like the morning after a long storm.I
   :lara looked down at her hands. Rt sounded true, and she hated that
it did.
   "There is a power problem,I she said. "Cou cannot keep something
holy under a spotlight.I
   "R know,I he said. "Oe tried to keep it private. Oe failed.I
   ""o end it,I she said again, softer now. "9et it be something that
almost happened.I
   "Ending it will protect no one,I he said. "Rt will only teach fear to
call itself wisdom.I
   "Cou keep saying fear like it is a Waw,I she said. ""ear keeps people
alive.I
7xU  B. H. 1BA"HEAB

   "A gift does not come with headlines,I she said after a beat.
   ""ome gifts are heavier than they look.I
   "Flease do not talk like a pastor right now.I
   "Then hear me as your father,I he said. "R love you. R hear your fear.
1ut R will not call what is good evil just to make fear sit down.I
   "he stood. "Rt is not evil to be cautious.I
   "R agree.I
   "Then choose me.I
   "R choose you,I he said. "R also care for Nova. Those loves do not
compete.I
   "he walked to the sink and gripped the counter, trying to breathe.
The view out the window was the same one she had watched while
her mother taught her to sing harmony without chasing the melody.
The horiGon had not changed. "he hated it for having the nerve to be
steady.
   ":lara,I he said, "do you trust that R am listening to the 9ord on
this.I
   "he said nothing.
   "Rf you cannot trust that yet,I he continued, "trust that R am not
being careless. Trust that R am still your father, trying to be faithful in
a hard thing.I
   "he turned back. "Do you love her.I
   The words landed heavier this time.
   He did not answer right away. He looked at the Woor, then the
window, then back at her.
   "R am learning to,I he said. "Rf the 9ord allows it to grow, R will be
grateful. Rf He asks me to let it go, R will.I
   Everyone will think you saved her, she almost said. Mr that she saved
you.
   "They will make a story no matter what,I she said instead.
LU OHEN THE AFF9A0"E "ADE" :MFC :MFC  7x

   "They already have.I
   "And you do not care.I
   "R care,I he said. "R do not obey.I
   "he picked up her bag. "R came because R love you. And because R
am scared. Cou do not have to be a martyr for love.I
   "R am not trying to be a martyr,I he said. "R am trying to be faithful.I
   "Frayer is not a plan.I
   3Rt is where R start.3
   At the door she stopped. "Rf Som were here.I
   He closed his eyes for a beat. ""he would ask about the fruit. Then
she would hug you for saying the hard thing to my face.I
   "That sounds like her.I
   "Rt does.I
   Mutside, the light made her s'uint.
   "Are you going to stop seeing her.I
   "R am going to keep listening,I he said. "Rf the 9ord says stop, R will.
Rf He gives courage to continue, R will continue.I
   "R am not okay,I :lara said, 'uieter now.
   "R know.I
   "he did not trust herself to hug him. "he walked to her car, hands
shaking, and did not look back until the end of the street. Ohen she
did, he stood in the doorway, far enough back that the cameras would
not catch him.
   He stayed there until her car turned out of sight. The 'uiet afterV
ward felt like the slow drain at the end of a storm.
   1ack in the kitchen, he stood where she had stood at the sink.
   "9ord, take care of my girl,I he said. "Puard her heart. Puard mine.
Tell me what to do neqt and R will do it.I
   He opened his 1ible where the ribbon still marked Fsalm . He let
the words sit in the room without reading.
7x  B. H. 1BA"HEAB

   The kettle clicked oz. "team rose. The house did not feel empty. Rt
felt steady.

   He did not call Nova. He did not teqt her.
   1ut before the afternoon was gone, he sent one message.

         I   a mgoim ng tb eqobn ugf    tonr

    .gn ufga Ngqr ygf qFr I s  in ng woFnbi sbwwr

         I lghb Ngq soww nggr

   He set the phone face down on the table and did not wait for an
answer. Trust meant letting the silence do its work.

   Nova read the message twice.
   Belief came Yrst. Then fear. Then something steadier beneath
both.
   Fermission.
   Not to run. Not to react.
   "he turned the phone over and let it go dark.
CHAPTER T  EWTNYTHREE

                 "Some things can only be said in a room
                       where no one is performing."
                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Two days had passed in near silence. They had not texted back and
forth. Just one plan, set through Marcy. A neutral place. No houses.
No neighbors. No stories to steal.

   Marcy drove without music. The two lane road stretched between
Wilmington and Oceanside, sliding past damp Helds and rows of pine.
A thin mist drifted across the windshield, blurring the edges of the
world ahead. Nova sat curled in the passenger seat with her hands
tucked between her knees, twisting the edge of her sleeve. Ser stomach
tightened and stayed that way. "he had tried to sleep but her mind
never slowed.

   After a mile of silence, Marcy glanced over with a small smile.
   YCou know, you are diIerent these days. "almer. More present. '
like seeing that.R
   Nova rubbed her thumb across her palm. Y' feel like 'Bm becoming
someone ' should have been a long time ago.R
6Gq  E. S. 1EA"S8AE

   Marcy nodded. YWhateverBs been shifting in you lately,R Marcy
said, Yit shows.R

   Nova turned toward the window. Y' hate that this touches him at
all.R

   YSe sees it too,R Marcy said. YThat matters.R
   NovaBs eyes stung. Y' hope so.R
   They rode in silence for another minute as the trees thickened along
the road.
   Marcy slowed as the road curved under the oaks. Y1y the way, '
know a place. 'tBs not on anyoneBs radar. No phones. No curiosity. My
mom made me go to summer 1ible camp here. Dood people. They
know how to keep things Puiet.R
   Nova let out a soft, shaky laugh. Y' am glad one of us grew up with
southern church connections.R
   Marcy snorted. YTrust me, ' was not a belle. ' was the kid climbing
out the bathroom window to skip crafts. 1ut ' know who to call when
a Puiet room is needed.R
   Nova smiled for the Hrst time all morning. Y' needed that.R
   YCou are welcome,R Marcy said gently. Y8very crisis deserves one
small laugh before the tears.R
   They turned down a narrower road under deep branches. A small
white church sat at the end, plain and unmoving. The parking lot was
empty. The sky hung low and gray.
   Nova took a slow breath. YAlright.R
   Marcy parked and nodded toward the side of the building. YVoor
is open. 2astorBs daughter unlocked it earlier.R
   Nova stepped out. The air smelled like wet leaves and warm wood.
"he followed Marcy into a dim hallway lined with hymnals and faint
lemon oil.
   Y' will wait right here,R Marcy said. YDo on.R
LU WS8N TS8 A22FA7"8 --AV8" "O2C "O2C  6G?

   Nova walked into the small prayer room. Two wooden chairs faced
each other. A cracked 1ible sat on a side table with a childBs drawing
tucked inside as a bookmark. "olored light from a small stained glass
window rested across the joor in soft patches. The room felt like a
place where truth did not have to rush.

   "he sat and clasped her hands, which trembled slightly. YFord,
please meet me here,R she whispered.

   --ootsteps approached. The door opened gently.
   8lliot stepped inside.
   Ser breath caught-not because he was there, but because part of
her had hoped he would be.
   Se looked worn in a way that went deeper than sleep, but his eyes
were gentle when they found hers.
   YSi,R Nova whispered.
   YSi,R he said. YAre you alright'R
   YNo,R she said honestly.
   Se did not pretend. Se gave a small nod. YNeither am '.R
   Nova stared at him. 8lliot had been the one who never rushed her,
never jinched when things grew di"cult. Searing him say he was not
alright made her chest tighten.
   "he had never seen him shaken like this, and the thought that she
might have helped cause it turned her stomach.
   Se did not sit. Se stepped toward her slowly, as if checking she
would not pull back.
   Nova stood without thinking. Se waited-9ust long enough. Then
she moved into him, and he pulled her into his arms.
   The hug lasted a while. 't carried fear and relief and love all woven
together. Nova pressed her forehead to his shoulder. Sis hands trem0
bled once at her back. The steady rise and fall of his breathing soothed
and broke her at the same time.
6GG  E. S. 1EA"S8AE

   Neither spoke.
   When they slowly eased apart, the room felt steadier.
   They sat down.
   8lliot folded his hands. Nova rested hers in her lap, though her
Hngers still trembled.
   After a moment he said, Y"lara came this morning.R
   NovaBs eyes widened. Y"he came to your house.R
   Se nodded. Y"he walked through the reporters to reach the door.R
   Y"he came through that crowd for you. This isnQt 9ust about us
anymore.
   8lliot shook his head. YThis noise would have found me either way.
Cou did not create it.R
   Nova wiped her cheek. Y' am scared for you. --or your life here. --or
the Puiet you have built.R
   8lliot let out a slow breath. Y' have been asking the Ford what to do
next. "lara said things ' needed to hear. Sonest things. Sard things.
None of it changed what is true.R
   Nova hesitated. YVoes she think ' am trying to take her momBs
place'R
   Sis expression softened. YNo. No one could take "arahBs place.
"laraBs hurt comes from missing her mother, not from 9udging you.R
   Nova swallowed. YThe world will say itBs wrong.R
   YThe world says many things,R he replied. Y1ut love is measured by
fruit. And you have shown me kindness, truth, and light.R
   Nova looked down at her hands. Y' do not want to lose you.R
   YCou will not,R he said softly. YNot unless the Ford sends us down
diIerent roads. And if Se does, Se will make the path clear and kind.R
   Nova nodded, and a small ache tightened in her chest. "he under0
stood what he meant. "he believed it even. "he 9ust did not want a road
that took her away from him.
LU WS8N TS8 A22FA7"8 --AV8" "O2C "O2C  6G

   Ser voice wavered slightly. Y' think we should pray. ' do not know
how to hold this on my own. And ' do not think you should have to
either.R

   8lliotBs shoulders softened. YCes. ' would like that.R
   They bowed their heads. Their knees brushed.
   Sis voice was low and steady. YFord, help us hear Cou. Duard her
heart. Duard mine. Dive us courage for the truth and patience. Make
us faithful in all things.R
   NovaBs tears slipped down her cheeks. "he let them fall.
   When he Hnished, they stayed still for several breaths. The silence
was warm, not empty.
   Nova slowly rose. 8lliot stood with her.
   YThe world does not get to decide what this is,R he said. YWe do.R
   "he tried to speak but could not. 8motion Hlled the space between
them.
   Se stepped close, lifted one hand, and cupped the side of her face.
Sis thumb caught a tear she had missed.
   Nova leaned into him.
   Their foreheads touched.
   Not a kiss. Not a goodbye. A steady, trembling meeting of two
hearts in a room where Dod felt near.
   8lliot whispered, Y' am not walking away from what is good.R
   YThen we move forward,R she said. Y"lowly. 1ut forward.R
   They stepped apart gently.
   Y' will wait,R she said.
   Y' will listen,R he said.
   Ser voice trembled. YWill ' see you again soon'R
   YWe donBt rush whatBs holy,R he said Puietly. Y1ut we donBt aban0
don it either.R
   Nova nodded, though her chest ached. YAlright.R
6  E. S. 1EA"S8AE

   Se opened the door. Fight spilled in.
   Nova stepped into it. Marcy waited down the hall with soft, wor0
ried eyes.
   Nova turned once more. 8lliot stood framed by the colors of the
stained glass. Se looked like a man holding both hope and sorrow and
refusing to set either one down.
   "he lifted her Hngers for a small wave.
   Se nodded.
   Then the door closed.
   Outside, sunlight touched the wet pavement. Marcy unlocked the
car.
   YCou alright'R she asked.
   YNo,R Nova said. Y1ut ' am held.R
   Marcy nodded once. YThatBs enough for today.R
   They pulled back onto the road. The pines blurred past, darker
now under the low sky. Nova rested her head against the window, the
imprint of stained glass still warm behind her eyes.
   YVo you want to talk,R Marcy asked, Yor sit with it'R
   YTalk,R Nova said. Y'f ' sit too long, ' spiral.R
   Marcy glanced over. YThen talk.R
   Nova pressed her palm to her chest. Y' feel exposed. 1ut not un0
sure.R
   YThatBs what truth does,R Marcy said. Y't costs something.R
   Nova turned her phone over in her hands. The screen lit up with
missed calls and a jood of notiHcations.
   YAnything urgent'R Marcy asked.
   YDreg. Twice.R
   MarcyBs mouth tightened. YSe wants control.R
   YSe isnBt wrong that this is a mess.R
   YNo,R Marcy said. Y1ut mess isnBt the same as mistake.R
LU WS8N TS8 A22FA7"8 --AV8" "O2C "O2C  66

   Nova looked back out at the trees. YSis world is Puiet. Mine isnBt.R
   YThen meet in the middle,R Marcy said. Y uiet doesnBt mean hid0
ing. Foud doesnBt mean reckless.R
   Nova let the phone go dark again.
   Y' donBt know what happens next,R she said.
   YDood,R Marcy replied. YThat means youBre not pretending.R
   Nova nodded slowly. YOne step at a time.R
   YThatBs all we get.R
   The car rolled on through the narrowing road.
   They would not see each other for a while.
   1ut distance is not the same thing as doubt.
CHAPTER T  EWTNY-FOR

         I wish this feeling would stay with me a little longer.
             Maybe then I could stand just a little stronger.

           - Nova Hart, from "Morning, Stay With Me"
                                Unreleased

                          ***

Nova stepped into the hotel room and let the door close behind her.
The drive back from the church had been quiet. Now the quiet had
a di--erent weight A like a reminder that the world she had tried to
escape was still waiting.

   The room smelled of linen spray and stale air. F small gap in the
mostly closed curtains let sunlight streak the carpet. 'illed with the air
conditioner,s humS the hush was steady and impersonal.

   Hhe stood still for a momentS letting her eyes adjust. Eer body felt
heavyS as if she had been holding her breath for hours. Maybe she had.
The peace she found in 'lliotVs kitchen and in the prayer room still
clung to herS but now it felt fragileS as if the wrong step would break
it.
2W PE'N TE' FLLUFDH' 'FC'H OYL1 OYL1                     93R

   Eer backpack slid o-- her shoulder and dropped beside the bed. Hhe
sat on the edge of the mattress and folded her hands in her lap. Eer
Gngers trembled. Hhe curled them into her palms.

   Hhe had slipped out before dawn. Hhe had not told "eid or "reg.
Hhe had not even taken her phone.

   Hhe kept rubbing her palms against her jeansS as if trying to warm
them.

   Marcy didn,t ask questions. Hhe just saidS xUet,s goSB and drove.
   Now the sun was up. 'verything she had meant to do had missed
its moment.
   Eer eyes drifted to the nightstand. Eer phone sat e4actly where she
had left it. The screen was dark. Hilent. Paiting.
   Hhe looked away.
   Hhe did not want to pick it up yet. InsteadS she rose and crossed to
the small desk by the window. Hhe needed to pour out the ache inside
her before she faced anyone else.
   Nova pulled her journal from her backpack and opened it to a blank
page. Eer pen hovered for a long moment before the words Gnally
pushed through.

I wish this feeling would stay with me a little longer.
Maybe then I could stand just a little stronger.
My space keeps falling under constant attack.
I cannot take the weight that settles on my back.

   The words blurred as tears Glled her eyes. Yne fell and darkened the
page.

   x"odSB she whisperedS xI do not know what to do with all of this.B
   Hhe wrote againS slower this timeS like her heart was speaking one
small truth at a time.
936  ". E. z"FHE'F"

   You were there in the kitchen when I could breathe.
   You were there on the porch when I could not stop shaking.
   If You did not leave me there,
   Please do not leave me here.
   Alone.

   Eer shoulders shook. Hhe pressed her hand over her mouth. The
tears came freelyS neither hurried nor concealed. This room did not
ask her to hold herself together.

   Phen the wave passedS she rested her forehead against the edge
of the desk. Hhe let the silence wash over her for a brief time. Eer
breathing softened. Eer heartbeat slowed.

   Phen she lifted her headS her ga:e drifted again to the nightstand.
   Eer phone still sat there.
   Hhe rose slowlyS as if moving through waterS and crossed the room.
Phen she picked the phone upS her Gngers shook. Missed alerts Glled
the screen as it lit upS each row a time stamp from the hours she was
gone.

   Missed Oall A "'ICS 859[ FM
   F series of missed te4ts from "reg

                            Nova,   plael asenlw royw   uoslh

                                        .oy plY tul uotlp aposlh
2W PE'N TE' FLLUFDH' 'FC'H OYL1 OYL1            93]

I cassot masagl tuie if roy diea    law os mlh

      Pplaelh Jyet osl tlxt eo I kson roy awl
      bwlatuisgh

Missed Oall A "'ICS 85R[ FM
Fnd W alerts from the front desk5
Ceparture alert sent -]5]6FM7
"e?entry logged -J56WFM7
"eid Gnally just te4ted.

                Tul fwost dlek topd ml roy awl back is tul
                byipdisgh

                              Wuls roy fllp abpl,   plael capph

   "reg,s messages kept comingS one after anotherS each line making
it harder to breathe.

   This wasn,t just happening around her. It was happening because
of her.

   Hhe set the phone down hard and pressed her palm against it.
   Eer heartbeat thudded in her ears. 'very message landed heavyS
sinking low.
   'veryone else was paying for it nowAlost sleepS frantic callsS e4pla?
nations already forming without her.
   Hhe turned the screen dark.
   xI just needed airSB she whispered.
   Eer voice shook on the last word.
938  ". E. z"FHE'F"

   Hhe lowered her hands and stared at her journal. The ink glistened
in a few places where tears had fallen. The lines looked honest. "aw.
Uike something she had not plannedS but needed.

   Eer ga:e drifted to the guitar case leaning against the wall. Hhe
stoodS crossed the roomS and opened the lid. The guitar felt solid and
familiar in her hands. Hhe carried it back to the desk and sat down.

   Hhe strummed a soft chord. The sound Glled the room and
wrapped around her like warmth.

   The melody that had circled her all morning Gnally settled into
place and she sang.

I wish this feeling would stay with me a little longer.

   Eer voice thinned but did not break.
   Hhe shifted chords and let the ne4t line come only halfway before it
dissolved into breath.

If You did not leave me there...

   The words lingeredS unGnished.
   Hhe bowed her head over the guitar.
   xIs this what 1ou want from me"B she whispered. x ust honesty"B
   Hilence answeredS but it did not feel empty.
   Hhe wrote the chord shapes in the margin of her journal and added
a small note beneath them.

For You and for me. Not for the world.

   Eer phone bu::ed once. F new message preview slid across the top.
It was "eid.
2W PE'N TE' FLLUFDH' 'FC'H OYL1 OYL1  93J

                 Wuls roy uavl a momlst,   plael capph No
                 wyeuh Jyet toycuisg baelh

   Nova let out a slow breath. "eid,s messages were calmS not emo?
tional. LrofessionalS but not cold.

   Hhe set the phone down and crossed to the window. Hhe pulled the
curtains open an inch.

   Oars moved in and out of the lot. F man carried a bo4 of pastries.
Two girls leaned against a carS laughing over something on a phone.

   Nova watched them longer than she meant to. No cameras. No
commentary. No headlines. ust girls laughing at something small and
unimportant.

   'or a second she wanted that kind of lifeS the kind where joy did not
need permission.

   The girls laughed againS shoulders touching. Nova let the curtain
fall.

   Hhe thought of 'lliot,s kitchen. The morning light on the table.
The gentle way he had prayed for herS with hands foldedS voice soft.
The steadiness in his eyes that made her feel safe in a way she had not
felt in a long time.

   xThis is why it hurtsSB she murmuredS xbecause it was real.B
   Hhe returned to the bed and sat with her guitar beside her. Eer
Gngers traced the woodS grounding her.
   Hhe closed her eyes for a moment.
   No words came this time.
   Hhe let the quiet sit where the prayer usually would.
   Eer stomach rumbled.
93[  ". E. z"FHE'F"

   Hhe set the guitar on the bed and walked to the small co--ee station.
Hhe made a cup of tea and let the steam warm her face. Hhe stood there
longer than necessaryS breathing it in.

   Then she went to the bathroom and washed her faceS rinsing away
dried tears. Phen she looked up at her re ectionS she did not look
away.

   zack in bedS she took a slow sip of teaS then reached for her phone
and tapped "eid,s name.

   The call rang twice.
   xNova"B "eid answered. Eis voice was steadyS worn thin at the
edges. xFre you safe"B
   xI am back at the hotelSB she said. xI am safe. I am sorry I worried
everyone.B
   xThank you for letting me knowSB "eid replied. xPe can talk
through the details later. "ight nowS the important thing is that you
rest.B
   xI should not have left without telling anyone.B
   xIt made the morning complicatedSB he said. xThere are people
asking questions I can,t answer without you. Ne4t timeS just answer
your phone or leave a note. It will help all of us keep you protected.B
   F smallS tired laugh escaped her.
   xI understand.B
   x'at somethingSB "eid added. x"et some rest. Oall me when you
are ready to go over the schedule. Pe can,t a--ord surprises right now.
   xI willSB she whispered.
   xTalk to you soonSB he saidS then ended the call.
   Nova set the phone back on the nightstand. Hhe lay down with her
guitar beside her and her journal still open on the desk. The room held
steady around her.
2W PE'N TE' FLLUFDH' 'FC'H OYL1 OYL1  933

   Hleep pulled at her gently. Nova did not Gght it. The hum of the air
conditioner Glled the roomS and her unGnished verse lingered in the
stillness.
CHAPTER T  EWTNY-FIE

                          Not calm. Not peaceful.
                        Steady enough to stand in.
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova woke to a soft ache behind her eyes, the residue of too little sleep.
She stayed still, knowing that once she moved, everything would start
asking things of her.

   The curtains were closed, but a narrow slice of late morning light
slipped through the center seam, brushing against the carpet. The
room was still enough to hear the faint hum of the air conditioner.

   She blinked up at the ceiling, trying to gather her thoughts. She
must have drifted oH soon after coming back. The sleep had not
been deep or peaceful, only enough to take the sharpest edge oH her
weariness.

   jer body felt heavy, as if something inside her had not fully set back
into place.

   jer Fournal sat on the desk, the ink of her new verse dried into soft
strokes. Vor a moment she allowed herself to look at it, remembering
2W EjAN TjA PLLUPDSA VPCAS OYL0 OYL0  W1'

the softness of Alliot's kitchen, the warm light across the table, the
steadiness of the prayer room. The peace had been real. Plmost sacred.

   She tried to hold on to the feeling, but it slipped away. jotel rooms
never kept peace. Silence here felt borrowed.

   jer stomach tightened, not from fear, but from knowing she
couldnMt stay here much longer.

   "aybe she should check her phone.
   Nova hesitated before reaching for it on the nightstand. P knot
formed in her chest as she "ipped it over. "issed calls. "essages
stacked like a wall.
   She knew what waited on the other side of the glass. Not yet.
   She lowered the phone to the bed.
   The room had the faint smell of stale coHee from the cup "arcy
left on the desk earlier. Nova pushed herself up, feet touching the cool
carpet, and walked to the bathroom sink. She splashed water on her
face, letting it run over her hands, listening to the soft patter against
the porcelain. She looked up at the mirror. jer re"ection looked tired,
not Fust from sleep, but from everything building inside her.
   Bjelp me hold on,z she murmured, the words slipping out without
much thought.
   jer voice barely carried.
   She turned oH the water and grabbed a towel. qefore she could dry
her hands, a Grm knock hit the door.
   Nova froRe.
   Pnother knock. Virmer this time.
   jer heart xuickened.
   BNova.z
   ?regMs voice. Oontrolled, fraying at the edges.
W1W  -. j. q-PSjAP-

   She closed her eyes for one breath, then walked to the door. jer
hand paused on the handle. She took a slow breath, the kind she had
learned to take when life pressed in too close.

   She opened the door.
   ?reg stood there with a coHee in one hand, his tablet tucked under
his arm. jis shirt was wrinkled, and he looked like he had run his
Gngers through his hair more than a few times. jis eIpression carried
eIhaustion, worry, and something else she could not xuite name.
   Bjey,z he said. BOan we talk`z
   Nova stepped aside. ?reg walked in and set the coHee down on the
small table. je did not sit. je paced once, then turned back to her.
   B0ou scared me,z he said.
   The words were soft, vulnerable. Nova went still.
   B0ou left the hotel before dawn. No phone. No message. No con3
tact. Ehen the front desk alert came through, we thought something
had happened.z
   Nova looked down at her hands. B4 should have told someone.z
   B0es,z ?reg said. B0ou should have.z
   B4 told "arcy,z Nova said xuickly. BShe came with me.z
   ?reg eIhaled, tired but controlled. B"arcy was trying to help you.
4 am not upset with her. 4 Fust need the team to communicate. 4f we
know what is happening, we can protect you better.z
   Nova nodded. The guilt settled heavier.
   ?reg picked up his tablet and turned the screen toward her.
   B4 wish 4 could tell you things calmed down overnight,z he said.
BThey did not. That neighbor yelling 5This is not a circusM is every3
where. Leople are looping it, remiIing it, breaking it down frame by
frame.z
   jer stomach clenched.
2W EjAN TjA PLLUPDSA VPCAS OYL0 OYL0  W1...

   BThey think the older man theory makes sense,z he continued.
BThey are using every angle to prove it. Ehen you do not say anything,
the internet Glls in the blanks.z

   Nova pressed a hand to her lips.
   BThe label called me twice this morning,z ?reg said. Bqrand part3
ners want reassurance. They want to know you are stable. That this is
not the start of some meltdown.z
   B4 am not spiraling,z Nova said, her voice tight.
   B4 know,z ?reg said. Bqut they want proof of that.z
   She swallowed. B4 Fust did not have it in me to speak yesterday.z
   ?reg nodded slowly. B4 understand that. "ore than you know.z
   je paused, then his voice Grmed.
   Bqut disappearing without a trace cannot happen again. Not now.
Not when eyes are already looking for reasons to stir things up.z
   Nova lifted her eyes.
   BSilence is gasoline,z ?reg said. B4 cannot protect you if 4 am guess3
ing. 4 need you with me.z
   She nodded. B4 will.z
   BThat is all 4 am asking,z he said.
   The silence between them was thick, but not sharp.
   ?reg sat down at last, rubbing his forehead. BThe good news is this
morning did not add to the problem. Nobody saw you leave. Nobody
followed you. 0ou did not make it worse.z
   jer shoulders dropped before she could stop them.
   B0ou look eIhausted,z he said.
   B4 am.z
   B4 am doing everything 4 can to keep things steady,z ?reg said. B0ou
deserve peace. 0ou do not have to hold all of this alone. Uet us help you
carry it.z
W1  -. j. q-PSjAP-

   je stood and picked up his coHee, hesitating before he reached the
door.

   BEhatever peace you found this morning,z he said softly, Bhold on
to it. 0ou are going to need it.z

   Nova nodded, her throat too tight to answer.
   ?reg gave her one last tired, kind smile, then stepped out and let the
door close behind him.
   The room felt heavier now. CiHerent. "ore aware.
   P softer knock sounded.
   BNova`z "arcyMs voice. ?entle. BOan 4 come in`z
   Nova opened the door. "arcy stood there with two granola bars, a
bottle of water, and a warm mu n wrapped in a paper napkin.
   BPre you alright`z "arcy whispered.
   Nova nodded, though tears gathered again.
   "arcy slipped inside and sat beside her on the bed. BAat some3
thing.z
   Nova opened the mu n and took a small bite. Oinnamon and
warmth settled in a way she hadnMt eIpected.
   P small, tired smile touched her mouth. B0ou are so good to me.z
   "arcyMs eIpression softened. B4 care about you. ThatMs all.z
   "arcy leaned her shoulder against NovaMs. B?regMs a lot right now,
but he loves you like family. So do 4.z
   P tear slid down NovaMs cheek. BThank you.z
   They sat together until Nova Gnished most of the mu n. "arcy
stayed until NovaMs breathing steadied again.
   Pfter she left, the room fell silent. Nova crossed to her Fournal and
opened to the page from the morning. jer lyric waited there, fragile
and honest.
   She traced the Grst line with her Gngertip.
   4 wish this feeling would stay with me a little longer.
2W EjAN TjA PLLUPDSA VPCAS OYL0 OYL0                         W1

jer throat thickened.
She closed her eyes and whispered, BUord please steady me.z
The room settled around her again. Not calm. Not peaceful.
qut steady enough to stand in.
Vor now.
CHAPTER T  EWTNY-SI

                             I did not text him.
                      That was its own kind of love.

                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova sat at the small table by the window and picked at the edge of the
murn w.appe.T

   Lhe .oom felt diMe.ent nowT Sess like a hiding placeT ,o.e like a
waiting .oomT

   xhe stayed stillO listening fo. what would come neWtT
   'utsideO the sounds of Iilmington d.ifted up th.ough the glassO
ca. ho.ns blu..ing in the distanceO a si.en th.eading faintly th.ough itO
the low hum of the hotelAs ai. system p.essing beneath it allT Et was the
same noise as alwaysO but eve.y sound felt sha.pe.T
   xhe took anothe. small bite of the murn ,a.cy had left ea.lie.T
Et was not as wa.m as befo.eO but the cinnamon still tasted mild and
comfo.tingT xhe focused on thatT 'ne good thingT V small piece of
comfo.t that did not belong to the inte.netT
   xhe swallowed and let he. shoulde.s d.opT
   2lliotAs table came back to he.T
HP IU2N LU2 VFFSVDx2 CVY2x 0'F7 0'F7  Pq"

                          ***

Lhe wa.m lightT xteam .ising f.om his mugT Lhe "uiet steadiness
settled into the co.ne.s of the houseO as if it belonged the.eT

   Et did not stay as easily as she wantedT
   Lhe phone sat on the tableT Lhe sc.een was blackT Et might as well
have been a stoneT UeavyT IaitingT
   xhe sipped the bottle of wate. ,a.cy had leftT Ue. th.oat still felt
d.yT
   J7ou have to look at it at some pointOz she whispe.edT
   Lhe sound of he. own voice sta.tled he.T xhe hadnAt utte.ed a wo.d
latelyT Not since ,a.cy left to Jwalk the hallwayOz as she called itT Lhat
meant checking on peopleT 0hecking on staMT ,ake su.e no one who
did not belong on this joo. found a way he.eT
   Nova picked up the phoneT Et felt cold in he. handT
   xhe did not open he. messagesT Not yetT Lhe wall of notiRcations
could waitT
   xhe tapped a single app insteadT Lhe one she knew would tell he.
what she needed to knowT Not eve.ythingT Bust enoughT
   Ue. social feed lit up in a .ush of colo. and motionT
   Lhe R.st image wasnAt he. own faceT
   2lliotAs neighbo.hood video Rlled the sc.eenO an olde. woman
caught in a 8oomed clipO he. mouth moving in a loop as someone
slowed the audioT
   JLhis is not a ci.cusT Lhis is not a ci.cusT Lhis is not a ci.cusTz
   Lhe clip had captions laye.ed ove. it in b.ight lette.sT 2ditsT 2moGisT
Y.amatic sound eMectsT Feople tu.ned it into something meant to be
funny and something meant to be f.ightening all at onceT
Pq-                9T UT ?9VxU2V9

   NovaAs chest tightenedT
   xhe sc.olled a little fa.the.T Feople had clipped the video into dance
t.endsT 9eaction memesT 0onspi.acy th.eadsT xome comments made
light of itT xome we.e ha.shT xome spoke as if they knew eve.y detail
of he. hea.tT
   Lhey did notT
   Jxhe is hiding somethingTz
   Jxhe looks guiltyTz
   Jxhe is a messTz
   Jxhe is p.otecting himTz
   Ue. thumb hove.ed ove. the sc.eenT
   xhe saw the familia. tag at the top of the feedT

#WhoIs522

Vnd unde. itO the othe. oneT

#ThisIsNotACircus

   xhe could not .ead mo.eT xhe tapped the sc.een and closed the appT
   Lhe sudden blankness felt almost as loud as the noise hadT
   Ue. hea.t was beating against he. .ibsO steady but ha.dT xhe placed
the phone back on the table and w.apped both hands a.ound he.
wate. bottleT
   J'kayOz she mu.mu.edT J7ou knew it would still be the.eTz
   xhe d.ew in a b.eath and let it out slowT xhe thought of the ve.se she
had whispe.ed that mo.ning at 2lliotAs sinkT Lhe one about 1od being
he. .efugeT Ue. st.engthT V p.esent help when things felt like t.oubleT
   Ue did not stop t.oubleT Ue sat in it with he.T
   xhe wanted the t.uth to be enoughT xhe p.ayed it would holdT
HP IU2N LU2 VFFSVDx2 CVY2x 0'F7 0'F7  Pq...

   Lhe phone bu88edT
   Nova jinchedT Co. a second she thought about letting it .ing outT
Ef she did not pick upO the day could not move fo.wa.dT Et would stay
.ight he.eO in this "uietO whe.e nothing new could hu.tT
   Lhe bu88ing stoppedT Lhen it began againT
   xhe checked the sc.eenT
   1.egT
   xhe sta.ed at his name fo. a count of th.eeO then slid he. thumb
ac.oss to answe.T
   JUeyOz she mu.mu.edT
   J7ou sound ti.edOz 1.eg saidT Uis voice was gentle. than it had been
that mo.ningT JYo you have a minuteKz
   J7eahOz she saidT JE doTz
   Ue blew out a b.eathT xhe could almost see him .ubbing his fo.e3
headT J'kayT E will keep it simpleT No ha.d talksT Bust an updateTz
   xhe b.aced he.self anywayT JVll .ightTz
   JLhe clip is still out the.eOz 1.eg saidT JLhe neighbo. oneT Feople
a.e still cutting it into thingsT Et is eve.ywhe.eO but not in a way that
has set oM ala.msT SoudO but not catast.ophicT Not yetTz
   Nova p.essed the heel of he. hand against he. thighT JE saw some of
itTz
   J'kayOz 1.eg saidT JLhen you know the gene.al toneT Et is loudT Et
is messyT Et is what we eWpectedTz
   JEs it wo.seKz she askedT
   Lhe.e was a pauseT
   JIo.se is the w.ong wo.dOz he saidT JEt is mo.e of the sameT xame
theo.iesT xame idea that you we.e with some myste.ious olde. manT
xame st.ange.s acting like they have you Rgu.ed out f.om Rve seconds
of g.ainy footageT ?ut nothing new got added todayT No f.esh photosT
No new anglesT No one is close. than they we.e this mo.ningTz
P'q  9T UT ?9VxU2V9

   xhe nodded onceT J'kayTz
   JLhe label is watchingOz 1.eg went onT JLhey called me againT Lhey
a.e t.ying to make su.e you a.e al.ightT Lhey feel ne.vousT Uoweve.O
they a.enAt panickingT 7etT Lhey a.e not calling fo. statements o. dam3
age cont.ol yetTz
   JLhat is somethingOz Nova saidT
   JEt isOz he saidT JE told them you we.e eWhausted and .estingT Lhat
you needed a day to b.eatheT Ihich is t.ueT Ihich is allowedT 7ou a.e
not a machineTz
   Ue. eyes bu.nedT JLhank youTz
   JE meant what E said ea.lie.Oz 1.eg told he.T JE am doing my ve.y
best to keep the R.e f.om getting any hotte.T 9ight now we a.e watch3
ing the same james move a.ound the same .oomTz
   xhe knew he meant 2lliotAs wo.ldT Lhe beautiful houseT Lhe gentle
life that had w.apped a.ound he. like a blanketT
   JUas anyone t.iedKz she askedT JUas anyone gone out the.eKz
   JLo whe.e you we.e this mo.ningKz 1.eg askedT
   J7esTz
   JLheyAve found the houseOz 1.eg saidO Jbut they havenAt Rgu.ed
out who he is yetT LheyA.e ci.cling the footageO looping the neighbo.
clipO hoping it leads somewhe.e .ealT xo fa.O it hasnAtTz
   Nova hesitatedT JLhe house is not even unde. his nameOz she mum3
bledT JEt is owned by his companyO Ua.bo. Sight 0ybe.secu.ityO E
thinkT Lhat is the only .eason no one has connected the dots yetT ?ut
it feels like a matte. of timeTz
   J7ouA.e p.obably .ightO but not yetOz 1.eg saidT JNot todayTz
   Nova felt some of the tension in he. shoulde.s easeT J'kayTz
   1.eg pausedT JSisten to meT Lhis didnAt get wo.se because of youTz
   xhe closed he. eyesT JE donAt know how to tell whe.e the damage
actually isTz
HP IU2N LU2 VFFSVDx2 CVY2x 0'F7 0'F7  P''

   J7ou donAt have toOz he saidT JLhatAs my GobTz
   xhe p.essed he. Rnge.s to he. eyesT JEAll t.yTz
   J1oodOz 1.eg saidT J9estT 2at something .ealT Set ,a.cy hove.T xhe
lives fo. thatTz
   V small laugh slipped out of he.T Jxhe doesTz
   JE will call again late. if something changesOz he saidT JEf it does notO
E will let you b.eatheTz
   xhe hesitatedT J1.egKz
   J7eahKz
   JLhank you fo. telling them E needed spaceOz she saidT JVnd not
Gust4 making me pe.fo.m my way out of thisTz
   Ue was "uiet fo. a momentT Ihen he spoke againO his voice ca..ied
a ti.ed kind of wa.mthT
   J7ou a.e mo.e than you. postsOz he saidT J,o.e than thei. noise tooT
Yo not fo.get itTz
   Ue hung up befo.e she could answe.T
   xhe sta.ed at the phone until it felt like it might sta.e backT
   xhe st.etched out on the bed and tu.ned he. face towa.d the ceilingT
Lhe light that slipped th.ough the cu.tains had shiftedT Et was softe.
nowT Vfte.noon lightO la8y and slowT
   xhe thought of 2lliot againT Lhe way he had watched he. b.eath in
that p.ivate kitchenT Not like she was f.agileT Sike she was impo.tantT
Sike she was someone wo.th steadyingT
   xhe closed he. eyes and pictu.ed his hands w.apped a.ound his
mugT Lhe way he had p.ayed unde. his b.eathT Not loudT Not fo.
showT 9ealT
   Lhe.e was a pull inside he. to .each fo. he. phone againT Lo open
thei. th.eadT Lo type something simpleT xhe opened thei. th.eadT Uis
last message waited the.eO and he. .eply beneath itT
   Are you okay?
P'P                        9T UT ?9VxU2V9

I'm ok. I miss the quiet.

   Lhe wo.ds fo.med themselves in he. mind befo.e she stopped
themT

   Ef she teWted himO she would pull him back into the shape of this
dayT Not the mo.ningT Lhis dayT Lhe one whe.e st.ange.s tu.ned a
neighbo.As f.ust.ation into a chantT

   xhe imagined a .epo.te. sc.olling th.ough his contactsT V fan hack3
ing a cloud accountT V headline built f.om one p.ivate message taken
out of conteWtT V single line chained to a sto.y she neve. meant to tellT

   Ue. Rnge.s cu.led into the blanketT
   JE cannot d.ag you into thisOz she whispe.edT JNot yetTz Lhe wo.ds
stung as soon as they left he. mouthO like she had spoken something
she was not .eady to faceT
   xhe .olled onto he. side and pulled the pillow close.T Co. a momentO
she let he.self feel it instead of pushing it downT
   Lhe ache settled deep and would not moveT Soving something
gentle in a wo.ld that was not gentle at allT
   xhe b.eathed in slowlyT 'nceT LwiceT Lh.ee timesT
   Ihen the tea.s cameO they slipped out fastO wa.m and unsteadyO
impossible to hold backT
   JSo.dOz she whispe.edO Jplease keep him hiddenT 5eep him safeT
5eep his little house cove.edT E donAt ca.e what they say about meT Bust
4 not himTz
   Lhe p.aye. sat in the ai. fo. a momentT ximpleT 9awT Et RWed noth3
ingO but it felt like placing a heavy stone in someone elseAs handsT
   Lhe.e was a soft knock at the doo.T
   JNovaKz ,a.cyAs voice joated th.oughT JEt is Gust me againTz
   Nova wiped he. face with the co.ne. of the pillowcaseT J0ome inTz
HP IU2N LU2 VFFSVDx2 CVY2x 0'F7 0'F7  P'6

   Lhe doo. openedT ,a.cy stepped inside with a single cup of teaT
Nothing elseT xhe did not comment on Nova s puMy eyesT xhe did not
fussT xhe Gust sat down and folded he. hands in he. lapT

   J7ou a.e hove.ingOz Nova saidO he. voice lowT
   ,a.cy closed the doo. with he. hipT JE amOz she saidT J7ou can Rle
a complaintTz
   JUow is the outside wo.ldKz she askedT
   JNoisyOz Nova saidT Jxame clipT xame noiseT 1.eg says nothing new
has leakedT 7etTz
   ,a.cy noddedT JLhat t.acks with what E am seeingTz
   JV.e they outsideKz Nova askedT JUe.eKz
   JV couple of photog.aphe.s a.e in the lobbyOz ,a.cy saidT JLhey
a.e p.etending to be inte.ested in the deco.T Lhey a.e not ve.y good at
itT xecu.ity is keeping them away f.om the elevato.sT No one is getting
to this joo. without a key ca.dTz
   Nova noddedT JLhank you fo. sitting in the hallwayTz
   ,a.cy sh.ugged one shoulde.T JEt gave me an eWcuse to tell a .e3
po.te. that if he sca.ed youO E pou.ed his coMee on his shoesT Et was
ve.y healing fo. meTz
   V small smile tugged at NovaAs mouthT JE wish EAd had seen thatTz
   JE am glad you didnAtOz ,a.cy saidT J7ou needed to .estTz
   xhe .eached ove. and nudged the cup close.T JY.ink some teaT Et
will not RW you. lifeO but it is hotO and it does not come with a comment
sectionTz
   Nova laughed onceT Et came out st.ained but .ealT JLhat might be
my new .e"ui.ement fo. eve.ythingTz
   Lhey sat togethe. while Nova took small sipsT Lhe tea was mild and
sweetT Et wa.med the back of he. th.oatT ,a.cy did not Rll the ai. with
chatte.T xhe told one sho.t sto.y about a housekeepe. who had t.ied to
b.ing f.esh towels and seen ,a.cy sitting in the hall like a gua.d dogT
P'  9T UT ?9VxU2V9

   JE think she is telling he. f.iends the.e is a secu.ity .isk on this joo.Oz
,a.cy saidT Jxhe is not w.ongTz

   Nova smiledT J7ou a.e ve.y sca.y with g.anola ba.sTz
   JE do my bestOz ,a.cy .epliedT
   xilence settled againT Lhis time it felt a little less sha.pT Not com3
fo.tableO but not cuttingT
   JYo you think E was w.ong to go the.eKz Nova asked "uietlyT
   ,a.cy looked ove. at he.T JLo the houseKz
   J7esTz
   ,a.cy took a b.eathT JNoOz she saidT JE think you we.e a ti.ed
human who needed a safe kitchen and some honest ai.T E think you
found it fo. a few hou.sT E .efuse to call that w.ongTz
   JFeople didnAt Gust come fo. meOz Nova saidT
   JLhe inte.net was going to Rnd something to chew on eithe. wayOz
,a.cy answe.edT J7ou a.e allowed one mo.ning of peace in the middle
of thatT Lhe wo.ld does not get to decide that was a mistakeTz
   Nova swallowedT JE feel like E am the one putting him in dange.Tz
   J7ou a.e not the only pe.son in this sto.yOz ,a.cy saidT JLhe neigh3
bo. chose to RlmT Lhe inte.net chose to twistT Ie chose to stay mostly
"uietT 2ve.yone is adding thei. pieceTz
   xhe leaned fo.wa.d slightlyT JE know you want to p.otect himT E am
glad you doTz
   ,a.cy continuedT JBust .emembe. that p.otecting someone does
not mean e.asing eve.y good thing you sha.edTz
   Lhe wo.ds settled ove. Nova slowlyT xhe did not know what to do
with them yetO but she knew they we.e t.ueT
   JLhank youOz she whispe.edT
   ,a.cy patted he. knee onceO then stoodT JE am going to go .esume
my life as hallway d.agonOz she saidT JLeWt me if you need anythingT '.
Gust open the doo. and waveT E am not fastO but E am dete.minedTz
HP IU2N LU2 VFFSVDx2 CVY2x 0'F7 0'F7            P'

   JE knowOz Nova saidT JLhat helpsTz
   Ihen the doo. clicked shut and she was alone againO he. phone
bu88ed on the tableT
   Nova looked at itT Co. a moment she conside.ed igno.ing itO but
something in he. gut told he. to checkT
   V teWt f.om 1.egT

 When   yo ueef ol py tpi ,cff aem .yphtnN ogr
 Nenpm

-o-p -yaephtnN -acff phcp ,gy--e-- a   --e---m

   xomething small could mean nothingT '. it could be the beginning
of a conve.sation she was not .eady to haveT xomething that might
shift the day in a di.ection she was not .eady to faceT

   xhe set the phone down without answe.ingT
   JNot yetOz she whispe.edT Lhe wo.ds felt heavie. this timeO almost
like a line she was d.awing with he. own handT
   xhe c.ossed the .oom and opened he. Gou.nal insteadT Lhe mo.n3
ingAs ve.se waited fo. he. on the pageT

   I wish this feeling would stay with me a little longer ...

   xhe t.aced the line with he. Rnge.tipT Et steadied he. mo.e than the
.oom didT

   xhe closed he. eyesT
   Lhe wo.ds hove.ed at the edge of he. mouth and then dissolvedT
   EnsteadO she st.aightened he. shoulde.sT
   Ihen she opened he. eyes againO she did not look awayT
P'                           9T UT ?9VxU2V9

    Co. nowO it was enoughT
    ?a.elyT ?ut enoughT
CHAPTER T  EWTNY-ESEW

  The quiet I trusted most was always the kind just before everything
                                  changed.

                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The morning light over Oceanside crept in soft and pale, brushing
a thin line across the kitchen tiles. Elliot stood at the counter with a
mug of coIee cooling between his hands, brewed and poured but left
untouched.

   The house was calm. yt had alwaHs been his refuge. TodaH, it felt like
it was holding its breath.

   Be opened his 'ible to the same passage he had read everH morning
for Hears. The words didn"t hold. Be tried again and let the passage sit
without forcing it.

   Be let out a slow breath and whispered, L"ord, show me what to
do.z

   Bis phone buRRed on the table. Then buRRed again. Be did not
reach for it. The screen showed links and messages, as people asked if
18G  A. B. 'AS2BESA

he was okaH, tried to defend him, and wanted answers he could not
give.

   Be rubbed at the ache behind his eHes. Be had walked through hard
seasons before. xrief. yllness. 'ut this felt diIerent. This storm reached
beHond his own life, into places he had never meant to eFpose.

   S car eased into the drivewaH. 2low. Pamiliar.
   Elliot glanced out the window and saw 'astor "HleMs sedan come to
a stop beneath the trees.
   Be set the mug down and opened the door before the knock.
   LYorning,z Elliot said.
   LYorning,z the pastor replied, oIering a tired smile. L?ou have
room for companHCz
   LSlwaHs,z Elliot said. LjoIee is fresh. y Wust have not had the
courage to drink it.z
   Lqe will face it together,z the pastor laughed.
   TheH sat at the small table bH the window. The -uiet between them
carried the weight of manH Hears and manH praHers.
   'astor "Hle studied ElliotMs face. L?ou look worn,z he said gentlH.
LYore than usual.z
   Lyt has been a lot,z Elliot admitted. The words sounded thin even
to him.
   Ly know Hou have tried to walk through this with grace,z the pastor
said. L'ut grace does not mean Hou carrH it alone.z
   Elliot nodded, his gaRe NFed on the table.
   LThere is something Hou need to understand,z the pastor continJ
ued. LVot to blame Hou. Uust so Hou can see what is happening around
Hou.z
   ElliotMs chest tightened. LSlright.z
D1 qBEV TBE S''"S92E PS0E2 jO'? jO'?  183

   LThe video of Yrs. 0anner on Hour porch spread faster than anHJ
one eFpected,z the pastor said. LThe internet turned it into a Woke
within hours. "oops. japtions. AemiFes.z

   Elliot closed his eHes. L2he was trHing to protect this house.z
   Ly know,z the pastor said. LSnd the people here saw it that waH
too. TheH respected her for it. Ber familH eFperienced overwhelming
emotions. 2trangers are messaging them. Ssking -uestions. Tagging
them in things theH never asked to see.z
   ElliotMs Waw tightened. Ly never wanted her pulled into this.z
   LVo one believes Hou did,z the pastor said.
   Be paused, then added, L'ut, son, it reallH is a circusJand the people
who love Hou are standing right in the middle of the ring.z
   The words landed heavilH and unmistakablH.
   Elliot swallowed. Bis hands curled against the table.
   LThe diner has been dealing with reporters stopping in,z the pastor
went on. LThe regulars go -uiet when it happens. Vot because theH
blame Hou. 'ecause theH do not want trouble to follow them home.
'eople care about Hou. That is whH this is hard.z
   Elliot pressed his thumb into the wood until it stung. Ly never asked
for this attention.z
   Ly know,z the pastor said softlH.
   Ly did not want this for her,z Elliot said. LOr for anHone here.z
   Ly know that too.z
   2ilence settled between them, deeper now.
   The pastor spoke again, slower. Ly need to ask Hou something. Snd
y want Hou to answer honestlH. ys this becoming too heavH for Hou to
carrH aloneCz
   Elliot tried to speak, but his throat tightened. qhen the words
NnallH came, theH trembled.
11#  A. B. 'AS2BESA

   Ly do not know how to protect her,z he said. Ly do not know how
to protect anHone caught in this. 2he did nothing wrong. 'ut she is
the one being torn apart. Snd now people here are feeling it too. Sll
because of one picture.z

   Be stared at his hands. Ly know what public pressure does to peoJ
ple. y cannot ask someone y care about to stand in that kind of Nre with
me.z

   The pastorMs eHes softened. L?ou care for her.z
   Elliot nodded once. LYore than y meant to.z
   LThen praH for claritH,z the pastor said. LVot for escape. jlaritH will
tell Hou what love re-uires. Pear will onlH tell Hou how to run.z
   Elliot nodded, though his chest still ached.
   TheH stood together at the door when it was time for the pastor to
leave. 'astor "Hle rested a hand on ElliotMs shoulder.
   Lxod is not surprised bH this,z he said. LBe sees her. Be sees Hou. Be
sees this town. Ssk Bim how to walk through it, one step at a time.z
   Ly will trH,z Elliot said.
   LThat is all anH of us can do,z the pastor replied.
   qhen the car disappeared down the drive, the house fell still again.
The hush felt heavier now, as if it carried everH word theH had spoken.
   Elliot tried to move through the rest of the daH as if it were anH
other. Be answered emails from clients. Aeturned calls from people
who needed help with accounts or software issues. 2ent updates to his
small team and reviewed a securitH report waiting in his inboF. St anH
other time, these tasks would have grounded him.
   TodaH each one took more out of him than it gave back. EverH
conversation left a faint hollow behind, a reminder of how stretched
thin his spirit felt.
   'H midafternoon, he sat at his desk with his elbows on the wood
and his hands pressed over his eHes. Be had built a career on idenJ
D1 qBEV TBE S''"S92E PS0E2 jO'? jO'?  118

tifHing threats earlH and responding without panic. Be had steadied
companies when everHthing felt eFposed. ?et now, his own heart felt
divided.

   Balf of it sat in this house, with these people, in this town.
   The other half was with a woman in motion. S woman who had
stepped into his life like a song and pulled light into all his -uiet
corners. S woman he could not stop thinking about, no matter how
he tried to steadH himself.
   Be reached for his 'ible again and let it fall open. Bis eHes landed
on a verse he had underlined long ago.
   jarrH one anotherMs burdens, and so fulNll the law of jhrist.
   Be stared at the words. Be had taught them, praHed for them, tried
to live for them. Aight now theH felt like a -uestion he could not
answer.
   Be wanted to carrH her burden. Be wanted to lift everH weight oI
her shoulders. To stand between her and the things that clawed at her
peace.
   'ut another truth pressed into his mind, clear and cold.
   What if I am adding weight without meaning to?
   The thought cut through him. Pame had alreadH wrapped around
her life like a net. Bis presence had not loosened it. yt had made the
knots tighter.
   Be folded his arms on the desk and rested his forehead against them.
""ord," he whispered softlH, "help me love her in a waH that does no
harm. Belp me love her without panic. Belp me not make fear sound
like wisdom.z
   The house held the praHer. Outside, the wind moved through the
trees, soft and steadH, as if the world did not know his heart was tearing
in two.
111  A. B. 'AS2BESA

   'H the time the praHer loosened its grip, miles alreadH laH between
them.

                          ***

The trip from qilmington to 'hiladelphia was short.
   Vova noticed immediatelH that 'hiladelphia moved at a diIerent

speed. jars constantlH hummed past the hotel below VovaMs window.
'eople talked and laughed on the sidewalks, their voices rising and
falling in waves. ynside her room, the noise was onlH a faint murmur.
yt made her feel like she was watching life from verH far awaH.

   Ber bouti-ue room was prettH in a waH that made her ache. qarm
light. S soft rug. S small sofa pushed under the window with pillows
arranged neatlH, like the room eFpected someone calmer than she was
to sit there and enWoH the view. yt felt like a set. S place where someone
like her staHed for a night and then disappeared.

   Vova sat tucked into the corner of the sofa with her knees pulled up
and ElliotMs sweatshirt bunched in her lap. 2he had grabbed it when she
left Oceanside without even thinking, stu5ng it into her bag between
outNts and notebooks.

   Vow it was the onlH thing in the room that felt like it belonged to
her real life.

   Ber phone laH on the cushion beside her. 2he had opened a message
to Elliot more than once. Each time, the words had felt too small or
too much. 2he would tHpe, then backspace until the screen was blank
again.

   2he woke the phone and stared at his name at the top of her mesJ
sages.
D1 qBEV TBE S''"S92E PS0E2 jO'? jO'?  11K

   Ber thumb hovered. 2he tHped, Sre Hou okaHC, stared at it, then
erased it. 2he tHped, y miss Hou, and erased that too. EverHthing she
thought of sounded either needH or fake. 2he did not want to sound
like either.

   S notiNcation banner slid across the top of the screen before she
could trH again.

   jlip of pop star leaving Oceanside manMs home resurfaces with new
edits. 4qhoys...11 climbs again.

   Ber chest tightened. 2he locked the phone without opening the
link. 2he knew better than to look. EverH time she thought the storm
might slow, someone found a new waH to spin it. EverH angle sharpJ
ened the storH she was trHing so hard not to make worse.

   There was a soft knock on the adWoining wall.
   L?ou goodCz YarcHMs voice --oated through, a little wearH, a little
kind.
   Vova cleared her throat. L?eah. Uust resting.z
   LAehearsal block is still on for four,z YarcH called. Lxreg is waiting
on securitH updates. 6eep Hour phone close.z
   LOkaH,z Vova said.
   LTeFt me if Hou need anHthing.z
   Lqill do.z
   Pootsteps moved awaH. The room settled again.
   Vova tightened her grip on the sweatshirt and pressed her face into
the fabric for a second. yt still smelled like him. 2oap and cedar and the
sea.
   There were manH people in her world. S crew. S manager. S label.
Pans. jommenters. Doices that rose and fell in swells around her everH
daH.
   There was onlH one person who made her feel like she could
breathe. One person who felt steadH in a life built on noise.
117  A. B. 'AS2BESA

   Ber phone buRRed against her leg.
   Elliot. jalling.
   Ber heart Wumped. 2he grabbed it so fast it nearlH slipped from her
hand.
   LBi,z she said. Ber voice came out softer than she meant.
   There was a brief pause on the other end, Wust long enough to
tighten something in her chest.
   LBi,z he answered. Be sounded warm. Be also sounded tired in a
waH that felt stretched thin.
   L?ouMre home,z she said. L'ack in Oceanside.z
   Ly am.z
   LBow is itCz she asked, trHing to keep her tone light. LThe house.
The street.z
   LytMs calm todaH,z he said. LSt least on the outside.z
   2omething in the waH he said it made her throat tighten.
   Ly miss it there,z she said. Ly miss: the -uiet.z
   Be didnMt answer right awaH.
   LBow are Hou holding upCz he asked instead.
   2he let out a breath she hadnMt realiRed sheMd been holding. LyMm
trHing,z she said. LTheH moved the schedule again. Yore meetings.
Yore calls. EverHone keeps saHing theHMre protecting me, but it feels
like yMm being moved around. "ike a piece on a board.z
   LyMm sorrH,z he said. The ache in his voice made her chest hurt.
   LSre Hou okaHCz she asked -uicklH. LVot polite okaH. AeallH okaHCz
   LyMm trHing to be,z he said.
   Pear slid under her ribs. That wasnMt his usual answer.
   Lqhat happenedCz she asked. L'lease tell me.z
   Be drew in a breath. Ly talked with 'astor "Hle this morning. Sbout
everHthing. Sbout the town. Sbout Hou.z
   Ber Nngers tightened around the phone.
D1 qBEV TBE S''"S92E PS0E2 jO'? jO'?  11...

   Elliot was -uiet for a moment. LytMs heavier than y eFpected.z
   LyMm so sorrH,z Vova whispered. Ly never meant for anH of that z
   LVo,z he said -uicklH. L?ou didnMt do this. ?ou didnMt ask for it.
?ouMre not the problem.z
   LThen whH does it feel like everHthing around us is crackingCz she
asked.
   Be was -uiet for a beat. L'ecause the world is loud,z he said. LSnd
loud things donMt know how to treat whatMs gentle.z
   Ber eHes burned.
   LElliot,z she said softlH, the fear slipping through now, bare and
unguarded. LSre we okaHCz
   The -uestion hung between them, fragile but real.
   Ly donMt want to be a complication in Hour life,z he said. LVot
because y donMt care. 'ecause y care more than y meant to.z
   Ber breath caught.
   Ly care enough that y donMt want fear making choices for us,z he
went on. LOr for the people around me. That matters to me. ?ou
matter to me.z
   LThen donMt pull awaH,z she said. L'lease.z
   LyMm not,z he said -uietlH. Ly Wust need to be careful not to mistake
panic for wisdom.z
   2he closed her eHes.
   LyMm not ending this,z he said. LSnd yMm not asking Hou to give
anHthing up for me. y Wust need one night to praH and listen before y
decide what the neFt step should be.z
   Ber chest rose and fell. LSnd tomorrowCz
   LyMll call Hou tomorrow,z he said. LSnd yMm not disappearing. yf Hou
teFt, yMll answer. y Wust need to think before y speak.z
   Tomorrow still felt heavH, but it no longer felt hollow.
   Ly know,z she said -uietlH.
11  A. B. 'AS2BESA

   There was a pause.
   Ly wish y had more to give Hou tonight.z
   L?ou alreadH did,z she said.
   Lxoodnight, Vova.z
   2he closed her eHes at the sound of her name. Lxoodnight.z
   The call ended.
   Vova stared at her re--ection in the dark glass. Ber eHes were wet.
Ber shoulders were tense. 2he did not look like a pop star. 2he looked
like someone trHing not to let fear write the storH.
   2he sank back onto the sofa and pulled his sweatshirt over her head.
yt swallowed her, soft and familiar. 2he curled into the corner of the
cushions and let the tears come, -uieter now, less sharp.
   Scross the coast, Elliot sat on the edge of his bed with his head
bowed, his hands clasped together.
   L"ord,z he whispered, steadH but worn, Lhelp me love her without
panic. 2how me the neFt step.z
   Two diIerent rooms.
   Two diIerent cities.
   One woman holding a sweatshirt.
   One man holding a praHer.

                          ***

ElliotMs phone buRRed on the nightstand.
   Be didnMt reach for it at Nrst. The praHer still hung in the room,

and for a moment he let himself believe that -uiet could stretch a little
longer.

   The phone buRRed again.
   Be opened his eHes and looked.
D1 qBEV TBE S''"S92E PS0E2 jO'? jO'?            11

S notiNcation from a site he didnMt recogniRe.

   Harbor Light Cybersecurity CEO Linked to Pop Star "522"
Mystery

Bis breath went still.
Be tapped the screen.
S screenshot of his companH"s website.
S cropped image of his front porch.
S map pin near Oceanside jitH.
Snd beneath it, the sentence that turned his life into a headline

"His name is Elliot Brooks."

   The room did not change.
   The walls did not shake.
   'ut the -uiet was gone.
   Elliot set the phone down carefullH, as if the weight of it might crack
the wood.
   Be closed his eHes once more.
   LSlright,z he whispered.
   yf theH were going to saH his name, he would not let them saH it like
he was something to hide.
   Vot to the phone.
   Vot to the internet.
   To xod.
   Snd this time, the neFt step would not wait until morning.
CHAPTER T  EWTNYE-IHT

                   You're not the noise. You're the quiet
              I keep reaching for when everything gets loud.

                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova sat on the edge of the hotel bed with her knees pulled up, the
sweatshirt bunched tight across her shoulders. Her Tngers clenched
until her knuckles ached.

   -he curtains were halfmclosed, letting in a faint slice of pale Sorning
light. yhe had been staring at that saSe line of brightness for alSost
an hour, waiting for her thoughts to settle into soSething that Sade
sense.

   -he' didnzt.
   Her phone buAAed again.
   qnd again.
   qnd again.
   yhe didnzt even check an'Sore. yhe alread' knew what she would
see. q Eood of Sessages froS fans, strangers, and acVuaintances. 2ven
WP LH2N -H2 qUUFqDy2 CqO2y Y9Ux Y9Ux  PPj

people she had not spoken to since ninth grade were suddenl' in her
inbo:.

   yoSe of theS felt panicked.
   9thers were angr'.
   q few were Boking, like it was all a gaSe.
   qnd underneath all the noise, tucked soSewhere in the chaos, were
the onl' Sessages that Sattered.
   -he three te:ts froS 2lliot"

                                     I   sa wit I. 'mhmt ehmsi'mt

rmBB m Tly.hm ouO

                                                   KBms  m s?  amht

   yhe wanted to answer. yhe needed to hear his voice. ?ut her own
voice felt broken, like if she spoke even one word, the whole shape of
her life would crack.

   q soft knock caSe on the door.
   "NovaMI Rarc'zs voice. ytead'. CaSiliar. "3zS coSing in.I
   Nova didnzt lift her head as Rarc' entered the rooS carr'ing two
co0ees and a brown paper bag. yhe set theS on the sSall table b' the
window.
   "YinnaSon latte,I she said gentl'. "qnd a bagel. 3zS not leaving
until 'ou eat soSething.I
   Nova didnzt Sove.
   Rarc' sighed and sat beside her on the bed. "9ka'. -alk to Se.
Lhere are 'ou right nowMI
   Nova swallowed, lifting her head Bust enough to let her e'es Seet
Rarc'zs.
   "2ver'where,I she whispered.
PÔ...  1. H. ?1qyH2q1

   "-hatzs not a place.I
   "3t feels like one.I
   Rarc' nodded, waiting. yhe knew better than to Tll the silence too
soon.
   Cinall', Nova spoke, her voice thin. "3 didnzt know it would be like
this.I
   "Fike whatMI
   "-his loud.I Her throat tightened. "9ne picture shouldnzt be able
to do this.I
   Rarc' inhaled slowl'. "3t wasnzt Bust a picture.I
   Nova wiped her cheek with the heel of her hand. "3tzs a blurr'
photo of Se walking down a drivewa'.I
   "Lalking down his drivewa',I Rarc' corrected softl'. "qt sunrise.
Learing 'esterda'zs clothes. qnd deTnitel' not looking like 'ou were
dropping o0 Su"ns.I
   Nova closed her e'es.
   -he truth was siSple" the nearb' neighbor had snapped a picture
at dawn, posted it with a cheek' caption"

Guess the mystery man isn't just a myth #522Watch

qnd the internet did what it alwa's did.
3t invented its own stor'.
3t Soved faster than she did. 3t swallowed the truth whole.
"3 didnzt do an'thing wrong,I Nova whispered.
"No, 'ou didnzt.I
"?ut it doesnzt Satter.I
"No,I Rarc' adSitted, "it doesnzt.I
Nova drew her knees tighter. "-he coSSents are awful.I
"3 know.I
WP LH2N -H2 qUUFqDy2 CqO2y Y9Ux Y9Ux  PÔ4

   "-he'zre calling hiS naSes. qnd Se worse ones. -he'zre posting
his age,I she whispered. "Yircling it like itzs evidence. Yalling hiS
calculated. Yalling Se na5ve.I

   "3 know.I
   "-he' think heJI yhe couldnzt Tnish it.
   "-ook advantage of 'ou,I Rarc' sighed.
   Nova tried to answer, but nothing caSe out. yhe looked awa'
instead.
   Rarc' brushed a tear o0 her cheek with her thuSb. "xou know that
isnzt true.I
   "3 know.I Nova took a shak' breath. "?ut the world doesnzt.I
   Rarc' didnzt den' it.
   Nova grabbed her phone o0 the blankets. -he screen lit up with
doAens of new notiTcations. yhe didnzt open an' of theS. yhe stared
onl' at 2lliotzs three unanswered Sessages.
   "3 want to talk to hiS,I she whispered.
   "-hen do.I
   "3 canzt.I Her voice cracked. "3zll fall apart.I
   "-hen fall apart,I Rarc' said gentl'. "Hezll hold 'ou.I
   Nova shook her head, hair falling into her face. "Not when this is
S' fault.I
   Rarc'zs e'es softened. "xou didnzt tell the neighbor to take that
picture.I
   "?ut 3 was there,I Nova whispered. "3 put hiS in this position.
1eporters are outside his house. -he'zre tagging his coSpan' page.
Uosting screenshots. Feaving reviews that arenzt even about his work.I
   Her throat tightened. "3 didnzt Bust touch his peace. 3 touched his
naSe.I
   "Nova.I Rarc' slid closer. "xou didnzt do this to hiS. CaSe is what
barged in without knocking.I
PÔP  1. H. ?1qyH2q1

   q tear rolled down Novazs cheek.
   Rarc' reached for her hand. "xou love hiS.I
   Nova blinked hard. "3 think so.I
   "qnd he loves 'ou,I Rarc' said. "qn'one who looks at that photo
and sees soSething ugl' doesnzt know either of 'ou.I
   q hot tear slipped down her face.
   Her phone buAAed again. qnother notiTcation she could not face.
   yhe Tnall' picked it up and Bust held it, unable to open the screen,
unable to answer an'thing at all.
   yhe closed her e'es and let the SoSent settle, heav' in her hands.

                          ***

2lliot stood in his sSall kitchen, looking down at his silent phone like
it was a breach alert.

   Ylara sat at the kitchen table wearing the hoodie shezd thrown on
when she rushed over after a friend froS church sent her the link to
the photo.

   yhe hadnzt touched her co0ee.
   yhe hadnzt opened her book bag.
   yhe Bust kept watching hiS.
   "Oad,I she Tnall' said, voice soft. "xou need to eat soSething.I
   "3zS Tne.I
   yhe gave hiS a look that said she did not believe hiS.
   He set the phone down and pressed his palSs to the counter.
   He had been turning the saSe pra'er over and over. How to love
her without adding weight.
   How to sta' without becoSing another Tre.
   Ylara leaned forward. "yhe will respond.I
WP LH2N -H2 qUUFqDy2 CqO2y Y9Ux Y9Ux  PÔÔ

   He didnzt answer.
   "yhe will,I Ylara repeated. "yhe probabl' Bust needs space.I
   He nodded, but his Baw tightened.
   "3zS not worried about Se,I he breathed. "3zS worried about her.I
   "xou shouldnzt be the one people blaSe,I she said.
   He gave a sSall, sad sSile. "Ueople see what the' want to see.I
   "Oo 'ou think she regrets being with 'ouMI
   "No,I he said without hesitation.
   "-hen donzt act like she does.I
   He e:haled slowl'. "-his is a lot for her.I
   "3tzs a lot for both of 'ou,I Ylara said, twisting her sleeve between
her Tngers. "OadJ the' know 'our naSe now. 2ver'one does.I
   2lliot didnzt Einch. "3 know.I
   Ylara swallowed. "qnd 3 know 'ou wouldnzt hurt her.I
   He Set her e'es, soSething stead' setting in his face. "-hen we
wonzt hide,I he said, calS but TrS. "Lezll answer it.I
   His phone buAAed.
   Ylara sti0ened. "3s it herMI
   He checked the screen. 3t was Nova.
   Cor the Trst tiSe all Sorning, he let out a full breath.
   He answered.

                          ***

Fater, back at the hotel, Novazs phone treSbled in her hand as she
Tnall' found the courage to call.

   -he line rang once. -hen twice. -hen he answered.
   GNova.G His voice was Vuiet.
   Her voice caught. "3zS here.I
PÔ6  1. H. ?1qyH2q1

   q beat of silence, stretched and fragile.
   "qre 'ou safeMI
   "xes.I
   "qre 'ou aloneMI
   "xes.I
   He didnzt Tll the Vuiet. He never did. He let it sit between theS,
unhurried, patient, a stead' place to land even when she wasnzt sure
she deserved one.
   "3 saw the picture,I he said, voice low.
   Her throat tightened. "2lliotJ 3 aS so sorr'.I
   He didnzt answer right awa'. yhe heard hiS inhale, slow and carem
ful, and the pause stretched between theS.
   "Nova,I he whispered. "xou do not owe Se an apolog'.I
   "xou do not,I he repeated, and then softer, "but 3 know wh' 'ou
feel that wa'.I
   Her breath shook. "3 never wanted this to touch 'ou. 9r 'our life.
9r 'our town.I
   "3 know,I he said. "qnd 3 believe 'ou.I
   yilence settled again. -his tiSe it felt thinner. Fess safe.
   "-his is 'our world,I he said after a SoSent. "qnd 3 donzt alwa's
know where 3 Tt inside it.I
   "xou Tt,I she said Vuickl', fear leaking into her voice. "xouzre not
the noise. xouzre the Vuiet 3 keep reaching for when ever'thing gets
loud.I
   He didnzt answer for a second.
   He e:haled, long and slow. "-hatzs what scares Se.I
   Her chest tightened. "ycares 'ou howMI
   "?ecause Vuiet things get crushed when the world turns loud,I he
said. "qnd 3 donzt trust S'self to know how to protect 'ou froS that.I
WP LH2N -H2 qUUFqDy2 CqO2y Y9Ux Y9Ux  PÔ7

   "3 donzt need 'ou to protect Se,I she said. "3 Bust need 'ou with
Se.I

   -he silence held longer this tiSe.
   "3 want to be,I he said honestl'. "3 Bust donzt want S' presence to
becoSe another weight 'ou have to carr'.I
   yhe swallowed. "xouzre not.I
   "3 donzt know that 'et,I he adSitted. "qnd 3 donzt want to pretend
3 do.I
   Her Tngers curled into the blanket. "yo what does that SeanMI
   He hesitated, and the hesitation said Sore than an' answer.
   "3t Seans 3 care too Such to rush this,I he said. "qnd tonight, 3
donzt trust S'self to choose the right words.I
   Her voice dropped. "yo we donzt decide an'thing.I
   "No,I he said. "Le donzt decide an'thing tonight.I
   -he air between theS shifted. Not relief. Not loss. 8ust uncertaint'.
   "3zS glad 'ou called,I he said. "3 needed to hear 'our voice.I
   "3 needed to hear 'ours too.I
   -he' sta'ed on the line another second longer than necessar'.
   -hen he said Vuietl', "-r' to rest. 2ven if sleep doesnzt coSe.I
   "3zll tr'.I
   " oodnight, Nova.I
   " oodnight.I
   -he line clicked.
   Nova lowered the phone and stared at the screen as if soSething
should still be there, soSething she could hold on to.
   -here wasnzt.
   yhe stared at the screen until it diSSed, then went dark. Her hands
still did not Sove.

***
PÔ  1. H. ?1qyH2q1

q sharp knock sounded at the door. Rarc' opened it to Tnd reg alm
read' in the hallwa', hair Sess' and e'es alread' working the probleS.
He held his phone in one hand and a folder in the other.

   "-ell Se 'ou have not been reading the coSSents,I he said as he
stepped inside.

   "xou talked to hiS,I reg said.
   Nova nodded.
   "qndMI
   "qnd 3zS not den'ing hiS,I she said, voice TrS.

     reg e:haled. "-hen we write a stateSent that reEects that without
giving theS aSSunition.I

   "3 want it to protect hiS.I
   "-hen wezll tr' to protect hiS. ?ut, Nova, no proSises. -he press
will do what the press will do. -ruth or not.I
   "3 wonzt lie.I
   "No onezs asking 'ou to.I
   Nova took a seat. "-hen 3zll write it.I
   Fater that evening, Nova stepped into the hallwa' and closed the
door behind her. -he hotel carpet Su ed her steps as she Soved
toward the window at the end of the corridor.
   yhe called hiS.
   He answered on the second ring.
   "Nova.I
   "3zS writing the stateSent,I she said.
   "3 Tgured.I
   yhe swallowed. "3zS not hiding 'ou.I
   yilence. Not shocked. Not afraid. 8ust listening.
   "3zS using 'our naSe,I she said.
   qnother pause. yhe could hear hiS breathe.
WP LH2N -H2 qUUFqDy2 CqO2y Y9Ux Y9Ux  PÔ

   "-hen use it,I he said, stead'. "3f the'zre going to sa' S' naSe, 3zd
rather it coSe froS 'ou.I

   Her e'es burned.
   "9nce 3 post it,I she said, "therezs no taking it back.I
   "3 know,I he replied. "3zS not going an'where.I
   -he words settled into her like weight and anchor at the saSe tiSe.
   "9ka',I she whispered.
   "9ka'.I
   yhe ended the call before she could secondmguess herself.
   Nova wrote for nearl' an hour.
   2ver' sentence felt like glass. -oo sharp and it would cut hiS. -oo
soft and it would sound like fear.
   yhe deleted Sore than she kept.
   Cinall', she t'ped the line and stopped.

Elliot Brooks is not a headline. He is someone I care about.

   Her thuSb hovered over his naSe.
   9nce it went out into the world, it would never belong to Bust theS
again.
   yhe iSagined his street.
   -he diner with strangers pretending to order co0ee.
   Rrs. Oannerzs naSe dragged into coSSent threads she never asked
to see.
   yhe had alwa's known faSe was loud.
   yhe had never understood how easil' it could Sake soSeone else
sSall.
   yhe pressed post.
   -he world would have his naSe before she could take her ne:t
breath.
PÔ  1. H. ?1qyH2q1

                          ***

-hat night, in the hotelzs tin' chapel, Nova pra'ed.
   8ust honest'.
   "Help us,I she whispered. "Help Se walk this without hate. qnd

keep hiS safe.I
   Her phone buAAed beside her on the pew.
   yhe looked at the screen.
   2lliot.
   yhe did not open the Sessage.
   Not because she didnzt want to read it.
   ?ecause tonight, she did not trust herself to be both strong and

gentle.
   yhe turned the phone face down and pressed her forehead against

the cool wood of the pew.
   "Ulease,I she whispered. "Hold us both.I
CHAPTER T  EWTNYW-WE

            I don't know what I'm allowed to say right now.
                           But I don't regret you.

                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova woke. Her phone vibrated on the bedside table.
   Not buzzing now. Vibrating.
   It had stopped shouting. Now it just shook.
   She turned her head and blinked at the screen.
   Twenty-seven missed calls, one hundred twelve unread texts, noti-

'cations stacked so high the numbers stopped mattering.
   Her throat stayed open this time. No hands. No panic.
   She had said what she needed to say.
   Her hands didnBt shake. The hollow was still there, though, like

sheBd pulled a tooth without numbing 'rst. It hurt. qut it had been
hers to give.

   Her hotel room door rattled with a "uick, urgent knock.
   "Nova,G Wreg called. "fe need you awake.G
   Nova pushed herselC up, rubbing her Cace. "Rome in.G
40D            A. H. qAESH2EA

   Wreg stepped in already holding two phones and a tablet covered
in open tabs. "ark circles bruised the skin beneath his eyes, and his
shoulders sagged as iC the weight oC the room had landed on him 'rst.

   Y'ou are trending at number two worldwide,Y he said. YAight under
the lunar eclipse and right above a weather guy who got caught singing
?qeCore the Noise? on a hot mic.Y

   Nova blinked. The absurdity oC her own song becoming back-
ground noise to someone else?s worst moment was not lost on her.

   YIs that good or badMY
   Yqoth,Y Wreg said Patly.
   Oarcy slipped in behind him. "forse than both. Leople have opin-
ions.G
   Wreg Pipped one oC his phones around so she could see.
   Nova Hart Statement Sparks Debate
   Someone Who Cared for Me.
   Nova Hart Words Raise New Questions About the Mystery
Man
   Secret Love. Fans Speculate About the Man in Nova Hart
Viral Photo
   Is Nova Hart Honesty Brave or Reckless.
   Public Reacts to Her Protective Statement
   Nova exhaled, "UC course.G
   "There is more,G Oarcy said.
   Wreg swiped again.
   Tags streamed across the screen.

#NovaHartLies
#WhoIs522
#ProtectNova
#CancelNova
V4 fH2N TH2 ELLFE1S2 9E"2S RUL' RUL'  40:

#TeamElliot
#BadInfluence522

   Nova Pinched at the last one.
   Oarcy raised a brow. ""onBt glare at me. The internet named him.G
   "ItBs not his name,G Nova whispered. "End they put his house
number in it.G
   "ItBs his name now,G Wreg said "uietly. "Unline, the story moves
Caster than the Cacts.G
   The phone in his hand started ringing again. Her publicist, calling
his phone. He sent it to voicemail without looking.
   "Ukay,G Nova said. "Tell me everything.G
   Wreg nodded, his jaw tight.
   "'our statement was honest. qeautiCul. Oature. qut the label pub-
lic relations team is not thrilled.G
   "fhyMG she asked.
   "qecause honesty is harder to spin,G Wreg said. "'ou did not apol-
ogize. 'ou did not deny. 'ou did not distance yourselC. 'ou basically
told people to be decent.G
   "Is that badMG she asked.
   "9or your heart,G Oarcy said, "no. 9or the machine, absolutely yes.G
   The word machine made her stomach turn. Oarcy was usually the
calm one. Hearing her say it that way made everything Ceel heavier.
   Wreg checked another alert. "fe need to get you back to Fos En-
geles.G
   Nova sti3ened. "fhyMG
   ""amage control meetings. Interviews pulled. Sponsors are asking
Cor clarity. The label wants to speak to you in person.G
   "So punishmentMG Nova asked.
   "No,G Wreg said. "Not yet. qut they want to control the narrative.G
404  A. H. qAESH2EA

"End I will not lie,G Nova said.
"That,G Wreg answered, "is the problem.G

                          ***

2lliotBs morning Celt like walking into a storm he already knew was
coming.

   qy seven, two neighbors had leCt voicemails asking iC the new ru-
mors were real.

   qy eight, someone slid a note under his door that said only, fe
trusted you.

   qy nine, two reporters tried to talk to Rlara outside the school.
   Rlara texted 2lliot at 5K:D.

               Dad.    ArepAorA atsrd ki fpy aAr daokun grA. h
               opId gkl op tope.

                    h al ikur. h al oramgkun laog Akngo upc.

   He stared at the text. Lride rose 'rst. Then the sober, steady ache
oC a Cather who wished he could stand between her and the world.

   Et nine thirty, 2d, 2lliotBs cybersecurity operations manager, sent a
message.

               wppd lpAukun GIIkpo.    irc pi pyA IpmaI
               mIkruot cauo op oaIs opdaf aEpyo ogr AylpAt
               puIkur.

                    bgrf gaTr vyrtokput. qp eArttyAr. Nyto
                    Ippskun ipA mIaAkof.

   He stared at the word.
   Rlarity.
V4 fH2N TH2 ELLFE1S2 9E"2S RUL' RUL'  406

   The kind that demanded answers he wasnBt willing to trade Cor
peace.

   None oC it Celt simple.
   He whispered a prayer and walked to the kitchen Cor co3ee.
   Ecross the street, three reporters had already returned. Nova?s
statement had set o3 another wave. Now they wanted answers Crom
the man behind the 've two two photo.
   Rameras liCted as soon as he moved past the Cront window.
   The storm was no longer digital.

                          ***

Oarcy pulled the hotel curtain back a Cew inches.
   "Aeporters everywhere,G she said. "They came back aCter your

statement. Someone leaked your room number.G
   Nova grabbed her bag.
   Wreg rested a hand on her shoulder. "Stay behind me. "o not talk.G
   Oarcy opened the door.
   Fight exploded in her Cace. Voices rose in a sharp wall. Rameras

lunged Corward.
   "Nova, do you regret itMG
   "fho is heMG
   "Is he the man in the photoMG
   "Ere you pregnantMG
   ""id he take advantage oC youMG
   "Is the statement really trueMG
   ""id you write it yourselCMG
   Nova kept her head down.
   Her heart didnBt sprint. It just hurt.
400  A. H. qAESH2EA

   Oarcy guided her into the waiting S1V and yanked the door
closed.

   The noise shut o3 as iC someone had hit a switch.
   Nova exhaled hard.
   "felcome to ?"ay Two?,G Wreg said. "Fet us get you out oC here.G

                          ***

Hours later, the private jet moved with a low, steady hum beneath her.
They were already in the air, heading toward Fos Engeles.

   Oarcy slept light in the seat beside her.
   Wreg typed through a list oC calls and meetings that waited on the
ground.
   Nova leaned her Corehead against the cold window. Rlouds smeared
past in soCt gray lines.
   She opened her notes app.
   She wroteK

   Elliot,
   They are taking me back to Los Angeles.
   I don't know what's waiting for me.
   But I'm not ashamed of knowing you.
   I don't regret what was real.
   I wish things were different.
   I hope you know that.

   She closed the app without sending it. She was not ready.
   Not yet.
V4 fH2N TH2 ELLFE1S2 9E"2S RUL' RUL'  407

***

qy the time the wheels touched down, Nova Celt like sheBd lived three
days in one.

   The small conCerence room at the church Celt "uieter than usual.
   Lastor Fyle Colded his hands on the table. "fe need to understand
the situation clearly, 2lliot. Leople are asking "uestions.G
   2lliot nodded. "I understand.G
   Or. 8im spoke next, his tone careCul. "The concern isnBt curiosity.
ItBs trust. 9amilies want to know whether anything inappropriate oc-
curred.G
   2lliot met their eyes, one by one. He didnBt rush the answer.
   "She was aCraid,G he said simply. "She needed a saCe place. ThatBs
what she had. Nothing more.G
   Silence settled over the table.
   Or. Fandry exhaled slowly. "Thank you Cor saying that.G
   Lastor Fyle nodded. "That helps. feBll let people know you were
honest with us.G
   He knew what he believed. Standing behind it would be the hard
part.
   "Un Sunday,G Lastor Fyle added, "we may ask you to say a Cew
words.G
   2lliotBs stomach dropped. "There are cameras outside my house,G
he said.
   "I know,G the pastor replied. "ThatBs why we wonBt let you stand
alone.G
   2lliot nodded again, though the thought oC it pressed hard against
his chest.
40J  A. H. qAESH2EA

   He would speak plainly. qut the thought oC standing in Cront oC
everyone while cameras still sat outside his house pressed hard against
his chest.

                          ***

Lublic relations sta3 waited by the elevator when Nova arrived at the
label.

   Her representative, "iane, walked toward them with a clipboard.
Her smile was tight and practiced. It did not reach her eyes.

   She led them down the hall. Her heels clicked against the polished
Poor. Wreg walked beside Nova, scrolling through his phone with
"uick sharp movements. Oarcy stayed close at her shoulder.

   They stepped into the main conCerence room. The lights dimmed
as the screen on the wall Pickered awake.

   "fe need to review your statement,G "iane said, taking the Cront
oC the room. "Then we will plan controlled messaging Cor the next
seventy-two hours.G

   "I am not lying,G Nova said "uietly.
   "No one is asking you to lie,G "iane countered, though her tone
hinted they would not mind iC the truth soCtened. "fe just need to
guide perception.G
   "I told the truth,G Nova said.
   "End now we need to manage it,G "iane replied.
   Wreg stepped Corward. His tone was steady and proCessional, but
tired. "She posted what she posted. fe do not have the luxury oC
rewriting it. Fet us handle what comes next.G
   "iane pursed her lips. "Then we need to prepare Cor more Callout.G
   She tapped her tablet. Slides appeared on the wall.
V4 fH2N TH2 ELLFE1S2 9E"2S RUL' RUL'  40Q

   Headlines. Tweets. 9an edits. Eccusations. Losts oC support. Ron-
Cusion.

   E brand partner pause notice.
   E venue asking Cor clari'cation.
   En upcoming talk show "uietly withdrew its invitation.
   "This is the current landscape,G "iane stated. "'our statement
shiCted public attention Crom rumors to you. That helped in some
ways and complicated others.G
   "Several partners are waiting to see how today goes. No cancella-
tions yet. They just want updated guidance.G
   She clicked again. The same hashtags Wreg had shown her that
morning 'lled the screen in huge letters.
   NovaBs stomach clenched.
   "There is no clear narrative,G "iane said. "Support and backlash are
rising at the same pace. That is why we need a de'ned message Cor the
next Cew days.G
   Wreg exhaled through his nose but stayed silent.
   Oarcy?s hand brushed Nova?s back.
   "fe recommend a Collow-up statement,G "iane said. "Something
like, I value privacy and ask that people respect the boundaries oC
everyone involved.G
   "I will not pretend he does not matter,G Nova said.
   "iane sighed. "This is not about him. It is about your career.G
   "IC I have to lie to keep it,G Nova said, "then it is not my career
anymore.G
   The room went still.
   Wreg looked at her with a mix oC pride and worry.
   "iane reset her expression. "Then the work will be harder. qut the
machine will still move.G
40  A. H. qAESH2EA

    ***

Rlara came home Crom school with her shoulders tight.
   "E reporter cornered one mom outside the school and started ask-

ing about you,G she said as soon as she walked into the kitchen. "E
reporter told ennaBs mother that you broke some law. enna?s mother
told him to get o3 school grounds.G

   2lliotBs heart burned. "I am so sorry.G
   Rlara dropped her bag near the table. "'ou did nothing wrong.G
   He pulled her into a hug. AelieC and ache pressed together until he
couldnBt tell them apart.
   Uutside, a camera Pashed.
   He Pinched.

                          ***

Nova 'nally reached her condo.
   "oor closed. Rurtains drawn.
     uiet.
   She slid down to sit on the Poor by the window and pulled out her

phone.
   She opened the message she had written on the plane.
   She read it twice.
   She did not send it.
   Instead, she typed one line.

   I don't know what I?m allowed to say right now. But I don't regret
you.
V4 fH2N TH2 ELLFE1S2 9E"2S RUL' RUL'             405

She stared at the screen until her eyes burned.
She did not hit send.

                          ***

Ecross the country, 2lliot stood at his kitchen sink and watched the
street through the blinds.

   E camera Pash popped. Sharp. qrieC.
   He closed his eyes and whispered, "Wod, help us.G
   Nova set the phone down.
   2lliot did the same.
   "i3erent cities.
   "i3erent storms.
   No answers yet.
CHAPTER TH  RTI

         "I couldn't hold you and the machine at the same time
                      without breaking something."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova opened her main social app, and her face tlled .he screenC
   ylips from her s.a.emen. plabed Oeside pho.os from .he cafe in

Eceanside, .he side of 'llio.us hogse, and wrainb s.ills pglled from .oo
far aHabC

   Ter Hords scrolled Oenea.h o.her peopleus voicesC yrea.ors had
s.i.ched her video and labered .heir commen.arb arognd .he edwesC

   Srendinw .aws climOed .he paweC

   #NovaStatement
   #WhoIs522
   #ProtectNova
   #BadIn uence522

   khe Ha.ched for less .han .en seconds Oefore locVinw .he screen and
se..inw .he phone face doHn on .he .aOleC
2W AT'N ST' PLLUPFk' DPY'k yEL5 yEL5  W1z

   kilence tlled .he roomC No. peacefglC Lressgri-edC
   khe crossed .he condo, Oare fee. Orgshinw .he polished Joor, and
res.ed her forehead awains. .he cool wlassC Uos Pnweles s.re.ched OeG
nea.h her in liwh. and ha-e and cons.an. mo.ionC Ua.e af.ernoon liwh.
slid across .he Halls, clean and impersonalC yars s.reamed .hrogwh .he
s.ree.s in endless loopsC
   'verb.hinw here demanded momen.gmC
   khe .hogwh. of 'llio.C
   No. .he headlinesC
   No. .he .heoriesC
   Rgs. himC
   She Hab his voice sloHed Hhen .hinws ma..eredC She Hab his hands
had never rgshed her, even Hhen .he Horld hadC
   Uonwinw hi. hard and cleanC
   Ter phone chimedC
   2ideo yallC
   xrewC UaOelC LgOlic Mela.ionsC
   khe sHalloHed and accep.edC
   She screen tlled Hi.h familiar Oo"esC xrewC YianeC "araC Daces .ha.
carried decisions Oefore Hords ever formedC
   I"orninw, Nova,B xrew said, alreadb .iredC
   Ixood morninw,B she repliedC
   Yiane leaned forHardC IAe need .o .alV aOog. .he ne". s.epsCB
   Nova noddedC IEVabCB
   "ara spoVe trs.C I5ogr s.a.emen. shif.ed a..en.ionC Sha. helpedC q.
also made people diw harderCB
   Yiane clicVed .hrogwh .he slidesC TeadlinesC yommen.arbC Dan
edi.sC kpecgla.ionC
   ISheb are .racVinw bogr .ravel,B Yiane saidC IAilminw.onC EceanG
sideC SHice in one mon.hC Sheb are connec.inw do.sCB
W1W  MC TC ?MPkT'PM

   Iq havenu. said anb.hinw,B Nova repliedC
   ISha.us par. of .he proOlem,B "ara saidC Ikilence reads as avoidG
anceCB
   Iq. reads as Oogndaries,B Nova said 3gie.lbC
   "ara held her wa-eC IShe machine doesnu. recowni-e Oogndaries
gnless He .each i. hoHCB
   She Hord machine sa. heavb in .he roomC
   xrew s.epped inC IAeure recommendinw Nova s.abs in Uos Pnweles
for .he ne". feH HeeVsC No gnplanned .ravelC No spon.aneogs appearG
ancesCB
   Nova t"ed her ebes on .he edwe of .he .aOleC
   Iko q s.op woinw .o himjB she asVedC
   No one correc.ed herC
   "ara sof.ened her .oneC IAe need s.aOili.bC Yis.ance calms specgG
la.ionCB
   Nova leaned OacV in her chairC She condo fel. smaller, .he 3gie.
pressinw in Hhere mgsic gsgallb livedC
   Iqf q donu. awreejB she asVedC
   "ara didnu. hesi.a.eC IShen .he s.orb we.s Hri..en Hi.hog. bogCB
   kilence s.re.chedC
   Nova nodded onceC IDineC qull s.abCB
   Melief JicVered across .he screenC
   kchedgles tlled .hemselves inC Pppearances shif.edC
   She silence af.er .he call Has more in.ense .han OeforeC
   Nova crossed .he room and opened her wgi.ar caseC khe s.rgmmed
a sinwle chordC
   q. sognded .hinC
   khe se. .he wgi.ar asideC
   Ter phone lab on .he .aOleC
   khe picVed i. gpC
2W AT'N ST' PLLUPFk' DPY'k yEL5 yEL5  W1"

   'llio.us name sa. .here, s.eadb and gnchanwedC
   khe s.ared a. i. lonwer .han she mean. .oC
   Shen she pressed callC
   She rinw s.re.ched ...gs. lonw enogwh .o hgr.C
   ITeb,B he saidC
   Rgs. .ha.C xen.leC DamiliarC
   Ter ches. .iwh.enedC ITebCB
   I5og sognd .ired,B he saidC
   Iq am,B she admi..edC IPre bog oVab .o .alVjB
   IDor bogj PlHabsC4
   khe .old him everb.hinwC She mee.inwC She pressgreC She decision
.o s.ab in Uos PnwelesC She Hab .he Halls Here closinw in Hi.h no one
.ogchinw herC
   ISheb .hinV dis.ance is safer,B she mgmOledC
   Te didnu. speaV riwh. aHabC
   Iko qum par. of .he risV,B he said wen.lbC
   INo,B she Olgr.edC I5ogure no. .he proOlemC She noise isCB
   Iq donu. Han. .o Oe some.hinw bog have .o wive gp .o sgrvive,B he
saidC
   Ter voice almos. failed herC
   I5og arenu.CB
   ?g. even as she said i., some.hinw in her ches. .iwh.ened, liVe she
had shif.ed .he .rg.h ...gs. enogwh .o sgrvive i.C
   Iq donu. VnoH hoH .o carrb .his,B she saidC I'verb.hinw feels liVe i.us
pgllinw me apar.CB
   Te e"haledC khe cogld hear .he care in i.C
   INova,B he said, Ibog donu. oHe me endgranceCB
   She Hords gndid herC
   khe pressed her tnwers .o her foreheadC Iq .hinV ' q .hinV q need .o
s.ep OacVCB
W1  MC TC ?MPkT'PM

   kilenceC
   No. sharpC Rgs. fgllC
   Iq donu. Han. .o,B she rgshed onC IShis isnu. aOog. love disappearG
inwC q.us aOog. Heiwh.C q canu. hold bog and .he machine a. .he same
.ime Hi.hog. OreaVinw some.hinwCB
   Te made no sogndC
   Iq donu. Han. .o Veep asVinw bog .o s.and in .he Olas. radigs,B she
saidC IPnd q donu. Han. .o .grn bog in.o a secre. or a proOlem .o
manaweCB
   P sof. sognd escaped himC No. 3gi.e a siwhC
   Iko .his is space,B he saidC
   I5es,B she HhisperedC IMeal spaceC No. disappearinwC No. pgnishG
men.C Rgs. ' a pagse Hhere Heure no. .rbinw .o hold everb.hinw a.
onceCB
   Pno.her silenceC
   Iq Hill respec. .ha.,B he said tnallbC I'ven if i. hgr.sCB
   Ter ebes tlledC Iqum so sorrbCB
   Iq VnoH,B he saidC IPnd q Oelieve bogCB
   P fain. VnocV sognded on his endC ylaraus voice folloHedC
   IYadj yan q come injB
   Iq shogld wo,B he saidC
   IEf cogrseCB
   4q m no. anwrb Hi.h bog,4 he HhisperedC
   Iq VnoH,B she saidC ISha.us Hhb .his is so hardCB
   She call endedC
   Nova wen.lb placed .he phone doHn, as if i. Here frawileC
   She dab sgrwed forHard arognd herC "arcb arrived Hi.h schedglesC
P s.blis. folloHedC 'mails s.acVedC She machine reclaimed i.s spaceC
   Nova moved .hrogwh i. all liVe someone gnderHa.erC
2W AT'N ST' PLLUPFk' DPY'k yEL5 yEL5  W11

   Sha. niwh., alone awain, she sa. on .he edwe of her Oed and opened
her messawesC

   khe .bpedC
   I miss you.
   Yele.edC
   This really hurts.
   Yele.edC
   Please don't forget me.
   Yele.edC
   No.hinw fel. riwh.C
   Nova se. .he phone doHn and did no. picV i. gp awainC
   Dor .he trs. .ime since she me. 'llio., .he dis.ance Has no. accidenG
.alC
   khe had chosen i.C
   She ci.b moved arognd her, logd and res.less, alreadb asVinw more
.han she cogld wiveC
   komeHhere far aHab, his life Hogld noH wo on Hi.hog. herC
   khe lab OacV on .he Oed and s.ared a. .he ceilinw, le..inw .he ache
e"is. Hi.hog. t"inw i.C
   q. Hasnu. .he endC
   ?g. i. Has .he trs. .ime she chose .he dis.anceC
CHAPTER TH  RTIY-OE

Stepping back felt like protection. Later I understood it was just fear
                            with better posture.

                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Three weeks had passed since he and Nova stopped talking, and Sep-
tember had brought the qrst cool mornings.

   The Euiet of his life struck Jlliot. Not silent. Cust missing some-
thing.

   The online storm had faded. The church had settled. ylara no
longer watched him the waA she did in :ugust, with worrA tucked
behind everA glance. Life had found its rhAthm again.

   The feeling staAed.
   It appeared in ordinarA momentsH while making coVee, the laughter
from the diner, the crA of seagulls at the window.
   :t night, the house still felt larger than it should.
   2e told himself theA had stepped back because it was right for both
of them. The reasons came easilAH her world too loud, her life alreadA
heavA, love demanding restraint instead of presence.
WP U2JN T2J :FFL:DSJ O:YJS y5F7 y5F7  P'G

   Some daAs that felt true.
   5ther daAs, he wondered if stepping back had less to do with wis-
dom and more to do with fear.
   2e knew what losing felt like. Some mornings he still half-listened
for his wifeMs voice in the kitchen before remembering.
   2e believed Bod was good. 2e also knew good did not mean safe.
   ?aAbe too careful.
   2e did not want to break again. :nd he did not want ylara to
watch him break.
   2e tried to believe the stillness was healing. That space was wisdom.
"ut in the Euiet that remained, he began to hear something else.
   : longing he could not reason awaA.
   : Euestion he could not silence.
   Uhat if stepping back had protected his heart but wounded some-
thing he was meant to hold"

                          ***

SaturdaA at the church was Euiet. Feople had qnished most of the food
drive work earlA. The halls carried a scent of lemon cleaner, and the air
conditioner hummed.

   Jlliot carried a stack of service RAers to the bulletin board. 2e
lingered, pinning them up and lining the corners with thumbtacks.
2is movements were steadA, but theA felt heavier than usual, like each
small task reEuired more focus than it should.

   87ou know, these boards never look the same without Aour hand-
writing,9 a voice said behind him.

   Jlliot turned.
P'0  6. 2. "6:S2J:6

   ?r. :verA maintained a few feet of distance, leaning on his cane and
watching. 2e had a waA of seeing people without crowding them.

   8?orning,9 Jlliot said.
   8?orning,9 the elder replied. 87ou have been harder to qnd these
daAs.9
   Jlliot lifted a shoulder. 8Cust busA.9
   8"usA can be true,9 ?r. :verA said. 8"ut it is rarelA the whole
truth.9
   Jlliot almost smiled. 87ou alwaAs read me like a book.9
   8I onlA read what is there,9 ?r. :verA said. 8Ualk with me.9
   TheA stepped outside. The courtAard was bright with sunlight, and
the qrst hints of fall brushed the air. : few drA leaves skittered across
the concrete as if theA had given up holding on.
   TheA sat on the bench beneath the oak. The wood felt cool beneath
Jlliot as he settled, the kind of steadA surface he wished he felt inside.
   ?r. :verA rested both hands on his cane. 87ou have been Euiet, son.
I want to understand whA.9
   8It is about someone I care for,9 Jlliot said EuietlA. 8She asked for
space. I gave it.9
   8Uas it right"9 the elder asked.
   8I thought so,9 Jlliot said. 8Now I am not sure.9
   8Uhat happened"9
   Jlliot drew a slow breath. 82er world was spinning. Too loud. Too
much pressure. Too manA opinions and cameras and strangers. Uhen
she said she needed space, I tried to honor that. I did not want to add
weight to what she was alreadA carrAing.9
   8That sounds thoughtful,9 ?r. :verA said.
   8It did not feel thoughtful,9 Jlliot replied. 8It felt like fear pretend-
ing to be wisdom.9
WP U2JN T2J :FFL:DSJ O:YJS y5F7 y5F7  P'z

   The elder watched a leaf fall and land between his shoes. 8Some-
times loving someone means stepping toward them.9

   8Uhat if stepping toward her makes her life harder"9 Jlliot asked.
8Uhat if loving me hurts her career or pulls her into trouble she does
not need"9

   8Then Aou learn to walk with her,9 ?r. :verA said. 8Not ahead.
Not behind. Uith.9

   The word settled in JlliotMs chest.
   8"ut I know something else,9 ?r. :verA added. 8Sometimes people
tell themselves theA are protecting others when reallA theA are trAing
to protect their own hearts.9
   Jlliot looked at him.
   87ou lost Aour wife,9 the elder said softlA. 8That loss shaped Aou.
It taught Aou to protect others, even when it cost Aou. It also taught
Aou to fear losing again. Oear can sound wise if Aou listen to it long
enough.9
   Jlliot closed his eAes for a moment. 2ospital lights came back to
him. yasserole dishes. ylara sitting on the Roor of her bedroom with
a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. :t night, he could still see
himself standing in the hallwaA, waiting for a voice that never came.
   8I did not want to hurt her,9 he said. 8I did not want to bring pain
into her life. :nd I did not want ylara to go through another loss.9
   8That maA be love,9 ?r. :verA said. 8"ut love still needs air. :nd
Aou donMt get to make that kind of decision bA Aourself. Yid she ask
Aou to step awaA"9
   8No,9 Jlliot whispered. 8She never did.9
   8Then be honest,9 ?r. :verA said. 8Yid Aou step awaA for her sake
or for Aours"9
   Jlliot let the Euestion sit. 8I think it was both. "ut maAbe it was
more mine.9
P1...  6. 2. "6:S2J:6

   ?r. :verA nodded. 8That sounds like truth.9
   2e placed a gentle hand on JlliotMs shoulder. 8Yo not close a door
just because Aou fear the shadows behind it. Oear is loud, Jlliot. Bod
rarelA is. 2e leads Aou bA faith and a willing heart.9
   The elder stood and walked back toward the church, slow and
steadA.
   Jlliot remained on the bench, letting the words settle into the places
that hurt most.

                          ***

2is phone bu""ed.
   It was ylara.
   2e answered. 82eA.9
   82i,9 she said. 8Yo Aou have a minute"9
   8Oor Aou, alwaAs.9
   87ou are going to be proud of me,9 she said. 86eallA proud.9
   8Tell me.9
   8?A classroom literacA grant got approved,9 she said, and he could

hear the brightness in her voice. 8Ue are getting an entire set of new
reading books. Froper books. Not the old ones with torn covers. I was
so happA I almost screamed in class.9

   Uarmth rose in his chest. 8ylara, that is incredible. I know how
much that meant to Aou.9

   8I alreadA have a plan for how the shelves should look,9 she said.
8?om used to rearrange our books everA time she brought home a
new one. I want the same feeling for mA kids.9
WP U2JN T2J :FFL:DSJ O:YJS y5F7 y5F7  P1x

   2is heart softened. 87our mom would be so proud of Aou. She
would probablA buA out the bookstore and bring in even more books
Aou did not ask for.9

   ylara laughed. 8She would.9
   : pause followed, softer than before.
   8yan I saA something that might be awkward"9 she asked.
   8:lwaAs,9 he said. 8Bo ahead.9
   8I am relieved Nova is taking a break.9
   2e remained silent.
   8Not because I thought she was wrong for Aou,9 ylara added
EuicklA. 8I never knew what to think. "ut I could see what she did to
Aou. 7ou havenMt looked at anAone like that since ?om.9
   Jlliot had been bracing for judgment. Instead, the ground shifted
under him.
   8I was scared, Yad,9 she continued. 8:bout the age diVerence.
Not because I thought it was wrong. Cust because itMs real. SheMs still
building her life. 7ouMve alreadA lived the whole marriage-and-familA
chapter. ThatMs a big gap.9
   She hesitated. 8She moves fast. 7ou donMt. 7ouMve built Aour life
around Euiet and faith and steadiness. I didnMt know if her world
would ever slow down enough to meet Aours.9
   8:nd her lifestAle,9 ylara went on. 8The traveling. The noise. The
interviews. The cameras. None of that is bad. ItMs just-- big.9
   She paused. 37ou live EuietlA, Yad. 7ou can sit in a house for hours
and feel at peace. I worried Aou would change Aourself to qt her world.
Not because she would e pect Aou to but because Aou alwaAs trA to
protect the people Aou love.9
   JlliotMs throat tightened.
P1P  6. 2. "6:S2J:6

   8:nd when the videos and memes e ploded,9 ylara said, 8I saw
how much it shook Aou. That look in Aour eAes reminded me of when
?om died. I couldnMt handle seeing Aou hurt like that again.9

   2e swallowed hard.
   8I want Aou to qnd love again somedaA,9 ylara said. 8I reallA do. "ut
I want someone who qts Aour world. Someone who lives beside Aou
   not a life on maga"ine covers and planes.9
   She hesitated. 8Uhen everAthing with Nova ended, I didnMt want to
feel relieved. "ut I did. 7ou looked steadier. Safer. ?ore like the dad I
know.9
   The kitchen went Euiet enough that he could hear the refrigerator
hum.
   8I hear Aou,9 he said EuietlA.
   8I know Aou do,9 she said. 8Thank Aou.9
   :nother small pause.
   8I should get the room readA before mA kids come back from gAm,9
she said. 8If theA walk in and see me tearing up over the book list again,
theA will never let it go.9
   2e smiled. 8Send me a picture when theA arrive.9
   8Yeal. Love Aou.9
   8Love Aou, too.9
   2e ended the call and e haled. The kitchen felt open again, not
emptA.
   Jven if it hurt, ylara had made something clear for him.
   Now he had to decide what to do with it.

   That evening he sat at his kitchen table with his "ible open. 2e read
slowlA. Werses about courage. Werses about perfect love casting out fear.
Werses about Bod staAing close to those who hurt.

   2e closed the book and picked up his phone.
WP U2JN T2J :FFL:DSJ O:YJS y5F7 y5F7  P1

   2e did not call Nova. 2e did not te t her.
   2e simplA held the phone and let the truth settle in him.
   2e missed her.
   2e cared for her.
   2e was afraid of hurting ylara.
   2e was afraid of losing again.
   "ut he was tired of letting fear take the lead.
   2e was not readA to reach for Nova. Not Aet.
   "ut he was no longer stepping awaA. 2e had asked Bod to tell him
what to do ne t. ?aAbe this was the qrst part of the answer.
   2e was tired of being careful with things Bod had not asked him
to surrender.
CHAPTER TH  RTIYT-W

             I know the quiet places down by the ocean reach,
      Where your steady heart still lingers just beyond my reach.
      And though my world keeps pulling me farther day by day,

         I carry what you gave me even though I walked away.
             I wish I could have seen that look on your face.

- Nova Hart, new verse from "That Look on Your Face," unre-
                                   leased

                          ***

Nova woke to the sound of her own breathing.
   For a moment she did not know where she was. The ceiling was

high. The molding ornate. The room carried the careful quiet of a
place where people whispered even in the hall.

   Paris. Conyrmed bD the keD card on the table.
   The room looked like everD other room on tour. Aim light. Thick
carpet. , low hum from the air unit. , water bottle on the nightstand.
,n open suitcase bD the wall' ylled and folded bD someone elseHs hands.
   Ser phone lit up before she touched it.
   ,larm. znooVe.
2W ESLN TSL ,PPU,OzL F,ALz CYP6 CYP6  W5I

   ,larm again. Mgnored.
   Press alerts she did not want to open.
   Three missed calls from xarcD.
   zhe answered on the ne"t vibration.
   "6ou slept through everDthing'G xarcD said. ",nd bD everDthing' M
mean three alarms and all three of mD attempts at a wake up call.G
   Nova groaned softlD. "Ehat time is it.G
   "Lleven yfteen'G xarcD said. "-reg is two seconds from a meltR
down.G
   Nova pushed herself upright. "Tell him M will be there in twentD
minutes. Se can survive that long.G
   "M will tell him Dou are alive'G xarcD replied. "That is the full scope
of mD loDaltD.G
   Nova smiled despite herself.
   TheD hung up.
   zhe set her phone down before her thumb could drift to the one
thread her heart still reached for on instinct.
   zhe had not opened that conversation in weeks. Not since she asked
for space. Not since he gave it to her.
   "Eork now'G she whispered to the emptD room. "Feel things later.G
   Not because she was avoiding them' but because she needed someR
thing she could control.
   zhe repeated it until she stood.
   Ser stadium pass laD on the table' clipped to a lanDard. zhe picked
it up. The laminate caught the light.
   Nova Sart. zound check access. Paris.
   , sold out venue waited for her. , crew. , band. , crowd that did
not know she was still learning how to breathe without him.
   zhe pulled on a hoodie' tied her hair back' and headed for the
elevators.
W55  B. S. jB,zSL,B

Eork now. Behearsal yrst. The rest could wait.

                          ***

The entrDwaD behind the stage smelled like coQee and cables.
   Crew members rolled cases across the 7oor. , tech tested a keDR

board. zomeone ad8usted lights overhead. 2oices blended into a low'
steadD buVV.

   Nova sipped a second coQee xarcD handed her. Mt burned. zhe
welcomed the sting. Mt made her feel awake in a waD sleep had not.

   -reg paced near the wall' tablet in hand' the waD he alwaDs did when
he needed her to be a version of herself she did not quite feel.

   "There she is'G he said' smiling with a mi" of pride and relief.
   "-ood morning'G Nova said. "M am told Dou were close to crisis
mode.G
   "M was not'G -reg said. "jut M did rehearse a verD dramatic collapse
8ust in case.G
   xarcD smirked behind her cup.
   "Juick things'G -reg said' tapping the tablet. "ztreams are up.
Tonight is sold out. ztanding room onlD. 6esterdaDHs interview is still
trending. xost remaining dates are near sold out' so the label is
thrilled. Ee added a radio stop tomorrow morning before Dou 7D out.G
   "Yf course Dou did'G Nova said.
   "6ou will be great'G he said' stepping past her tone. "The momenR
tum is unreal.G
   ",nDthing out there M need to know about'G she asked.
   -reg hesitated' then shook his head. "Nothing that needs Dour
attention. Fans arguing about nonsense. Normal noise.G
   Ser chest loosened.
2W ESLN TSL ,PPU,OzL F,ALz CYP6 CYP6  W59

   No new deep dives on IWW.
   No fresh headlines dragging his house back into the light.
   zhe needed that.
   "-ood'G she said.
   "6ou good'G -reg asked' watching her more closelD.
   "M am here'G Nova answered.
   "-ood enough'G he said. "Earm up. The band is readD.G
   zhe followed xarcD toward the ballroom doors. Mnstruments thudR
ded faintlD through the wall like a heartbeat.
   Bight before she stepped inside' she checked her phone one more
time.
   Nothing from him.
   zhe was the one who had asked for space.
   zhe had no right to want anDthing else.
   ztill' the screen staDed emptD.

                          ***

jack in Yceanside' the house felt quieter than it had in a long time.
   xorning light slid across the kitchen counter in thin gold lines. The

coQee maker gurgled in a slow' steadD rhDthm. , small stack of plates
from last night sat beside the sink.

   Llliot poured coQee and leaned against the counter.
   For Dears his mornings had followed a simple pattern. PraDer. CofR
fee. Beading. The calm peace that came from knowing what came
ne"t.
   TodaD that peace felt thin' like a shirt worn at the seams.
W50  B. S. jB,zSL,B

   Se opened his jible to the passage he planned to teach EednesdaD
night. Se read the yrst verse twice before realiVing he had not taken in
a single word.

   Se closed the book gentlD.
   The mug she had used that last night still sat in the drDing rack.
Faded blue paint. , small chip along the rim.
   Se had not moved it.
   Se told himself it was because he was busD.
   Se knew better.
   Mt was a small sign of her presence he was not readD to tuck awaD.
   Se stepped onto the front porch.
   The air smelled of salt and dew. , few cars passed. zomewhere a dog
barked.
   Yn other mornings those sounds grounded him.
   TodaD theD underlined the space where she was not.
   Sis phone vibrated.
   "SeD kiddo'G he said when he answered.
   "6ou are not allowed to call me that forever'G Clara said.
   "That is e"actlD how long M plan to call Dou that'G he said.
   zhe laughed.
   "6ou at home'G she asked.
   "6eah'G he said. "1ust started the coQee.G
   "6ou sound tired'G she said. "Uike Dou slept but Dour brain did not.G
   Se rubbed the back of his neck. "xaDbe. Mt is a slow morning.G
   zlow was not the word. Se did not know the right one.
   "Eell'G he said lightlD' "at least the elders will sleep better. M told
them M would trD to keep mD life simple.G
   Clara did not laugh.
   "That does not sound like Dou'G she said.
   Se smiled. "Mt did not sound like me when M said it either.G
2W ESLN TSL ,PPU,OzL F,ALz CYP6 CYP6  W5

   zhe let that rest.
   "Aad'G she said quietlD' "Dou know Dou do not have to pretend
everDthing is yne with me.G
   Sis throat tightened.
   "M miss her'G he said. ",nd M am trDing to let her go at the same time.
M do not know how to hold both.G
   "That sounds hard'G she said.
   "Mt is.G
   "jut do Dou think Dou made the wrong choice'G she asked.
   Se thought of Nova in his kitchen. The e"haustion in her eDes.
The waD her yngers curled around the mug like she needed something
steadD. The waD her voice shook when she said she could not keep
running to him even though she did not want to stop.
   "No'G he said. "M think M did the right thing bD respecting what she
asked for. Lven if it hurts.G
   Clara e"haled. "1ust donHt decide something permanent while
DouHre still hurting.G
   Se smiled. "6ou becoming a poet now.G
   "zide eQect of reading sad books'G she said.
   TheD talked a little longer. YrdinarD things. -ood things.
   Ehen the call ended' the house felt quiet again.
   Not because it was emptD.
   jecause he now knew which spaces felt emptD without her.
   Se washed the plates one bD one.
   Boutine. zteadD. Lnough for todaD.

***
W9  B. S. jB,zSL,B

Nova stood at the edge of the stage with her hands wrapped around a
water bottle.

   zound check was mechanical. Notes. Uight cues. zmall corrections.
The tech team spoke in short signals and hand waves.

   Ser bodD remembered even when her mind wandered.
   That night the arena ylled to the top rows. ,nother crowd. ,nothR
er ocean of noise. The same ache she carried from citD to citD.
   Ehen it was time for That Uook on 6our Face' the lights washed
the stage in soft gold.
   The cheers rolled toward her.
   zhe lifted the mic.
   "Thank Dou'G she said. "6ou are loud tonight.G
   TheD roared.
   zhe smiled' a little crooked and real.
   "M had a speech planned for this part'G she said. "zomething about
holding on to dreams and letting go of fear. Mt was written like a poem.
jut life is not alwaDs fond of poems. ,nd M am far too tired to make
anDthing rhDme without help.G
   Uaughter rippled through the seats.
   Ser face shifted. Sumor faded. zomething unguarded took its
place.
   "Ehat M reallD want to saD is that sometimes the dream costs Dou
things Dou never e"pected'G she said. "zometimes saDing Des to one part
of Dour life means saDing no to another' even when both are good.G
   , hush settled over the arena.
   "M added a new verse to this song'G she said. "M want to sing it before
we plaD the rest.G
   From the wings' xarcD lifted her head. -reg turned sharplD.
   "Tell me she is not doing what M think she is doing'G he whispered.
   xarcD did not answer.
2W ESLN TSL ,PPU,OzL F,ALz CYP6 CYP6  W9

   The band traded quick glances. YnlD theD knew.
   The intro started slow and aching. zofter than usual. Seavier.
   Nova strummed a ynal chord and let it hang until the room stilled.
   zhe closed her eDes and sang from the place she had guarded for
weeks.
   M know the quiet places down bD the ocean reach'
   Ehere Dour steadD heart still lingers 8ust beDond mD reach.
   ,nd though mD world keeps pulling me farther daD bD daD'
   M carrD what Dou gave me even though M walked awaD.
   M wish M could have seen that look on Dour face.
   The arena held its breath.
   Then it erupted.
   The roar crashed over her. Phones lifted. Uights 7ickered. zomeR
thing inside her broke open. Not pain. Belease.
   zhe pressed a hand to her chest. , wordless praDer rose.
   xarcD covered her mouth' eDes shining. -reg lowered his gaVe' then
looked back up with something like surrender.
   TheD heard the turn in her voice.
   TheD knew it meant something.
   Nova turned to the band.
   TheD nodded.
   Uights burst alive as the main beat hit. The quiet shattered. The
song surged full and yerce' like it had found its heartbeat again.
   The crowd shouted the chorus with such force the 7oor trembled.
   Nova sang everD line as if she needed the song to steadD her own
breath.
   Ehen the ynal chord faded and the lights settled into warm gold'
she let the noise wash over her.
   For a moment' something larger than applause held her. zomething
steadD that touched the ache without erasing it.
W9W  B. S. jB,zSL,B

   zhe let the feeling sit where it was and stepped forward.
   From the wings' xarcD watched in quiet awe. -reg lowered his
tablet. The tension in his shoulders eased.
   zomewhere far awaD' in a small house with chipped mugs and slow
mornings' a man she loved was breathing through the same ache.
   zhe wondered if -od was holding him too.
   The distance between them staDed wide.
   ,nd for the yrst time' she was not afraid of crossing it.
CHAPTER TH  RTIYTHREE

                       "I looked off. Even to myself."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova woke before her alarm, long before she needed to.
   She did not move.
   Her eyes opened to the ceiling, and she stayed there, counting the

seconds it took for the room to come into focus. The sheets were
twisted around her waist, one shoulder pressed tight against the mat-
tress.

   She drew a breath and held it without meaning to. Let it out. Tried
again.

   The room held the pale gray of early morning, the kind that zat-
tened distance and color. She lay there, waiting for something to hit.

   Nothing did.
   Her phone buRRed on the nightstand.
   She did not look. Not yet.
74D  B. H. ABESH2EB

   She crossed to the desk and opened her laptop. The blank docu-
ment from the night before blinked back at her, the cursor steady and
patient.

   She was neither.
   She typed three random words. qeleted them. Typed a line. qeleted
that too. Her hands hovered over the keyboard, uncertain, like they no
longer xuite belonged to her.
   E knock sounded at the door.
   Nova froRe. Then she shut the laptop, a little too xuickly, as if she
had been caught doing something she could not e"plain.
   ?Nova"M Iarcy called. ?Cf you died in there, C swear you better
haunt me with compliments.M
   Nova forced her voice to sound normal. ?Yome in.M
   Iarcy stepped inside carrying two coOees, a bag of food, and the
e"pression of someone xuietly preparing to panic.
   ?...ou did not answer the three te"ts C sent,M Iarcy said. ?Qr the
missed call. Qr the knock you probably did not hear at Prst.M
   Nova swallowed. ?Sorry. C wasV C did not see it.M
   Iarcy lifted an eyebrow. ?...ou did not see your phone that was
sitting si" inches from you.M
   ?C am Pne,M Nova said.
   Iarcy sighed and set the food on the desk. ?Bight. End C am the
Wueen of 2ngland.M
   Nova tried to laugh. Her throat refused to cooperate.
   ?HaRelnut,M Iarcy said, handing her a cup. ?qrink. Ulease.M
   Nova took a long sip. The warmth softened the chill in her hands
but only loosened the knot in her chest a little.
   ?...ou sleep"M Iarcy asked.
   Nova hesitated. ?Sort of.M
   ?That means no.M
F7 5H2N TH2 EUULEGS2 jEq2S YQU... YQU...  74'

   ?C got some rest.M
   ?That also means no.M
   Nova did not answer again.
   Iarcy did not push. Cnstead, she nudged the bagel closer. ?2at
something before you pass out on 6reg. He already thinks we are
chaos.M
   Nova took a bite. Ct tasted like nothing. She chewed anyway. 5hen
she tried to swallow, the food stuck, like her body had not agreed to
the day yet.
   Iarcy watched without Judgment. ?Cf you need to talkVM
   ?C do not,M Nova said too xuickly.
   Iarcy8s face softened. ?Qkay.M
   The xuiet stretched between them.
   ?Behearsal in twenty minutes,M Iarcy said. ?C will meet you in the
hall.M
   Nova nodded, gathered her things, and followed a minute later.

                          ***

The rehearsal hall smelled faintly of sawdust, sweat, and warm stage
lights.

   Qn most days the energy hit her like a current, familiar and alive.
Today it felt like stepping into a room where every sound had been
turned up too loud.

   Ueople moved in every direction. Sneakers scuOed the zoor as
dancers stretched. Yables scraped softly as techs pulled them into
place. E guitar climbed a scale and fell back again, Joined by a keyboard
testing its range. The room thrummed with unPnished sound.
749  B. H. ABESH2EB

   The moment Nova walked inside, something in her went slightly
oO balance.

   6reg spotted her and waved her over. ?Iorning.M
   ?Iorning.M
   ?...ou good"M
   ?...es.M
   He studied her Just long enough to see the truth she was trying to
hide. ?Elright,M he said xuietly. ?0ust ease in. No need to push.M
   Ecross the room, the vocal director lifted a hand. ?Uositions, every-
one. 5e will start from the top.M
   Nova walked to her mark and tugged at the hem of her shirt. She
swallowed, tried to steady herself, and lifted the mic.
   The music began.
   Her Prst line came out breathy. She caught it and pushed through.
The second line was better. The third almost normal.
   The bridge approached.
   She opened her mouth.
   Nothing came out.
   She tried again. E thin, late note slipped free, like her voice had
fallen behind her body.
   ?Hold,M the vocal director called.
   2verything stopped.
   qancers froRe.
   The drummer lowered his sticks.
   The room went still in a way that felt too e"posed.
   6reg watched from the side, his e"pression shifting as pieces fell
into place he wished were not there. He stepped closer, careful not to
draw attention.
   ?Nova,M he said gently, ?talk to me. 5hat is happening"M
   ?C am tired.M
F7 5H2N TH2 EUULEGS2 jEq2S YQU... YQU...  744

   ?That was not tired,M he said softly, close enough that only she
could hear. ?That was you disappearing mid line.M

   They ran the bridge again. She made it through by forcing herself
past every warning signal. Her throat tightened. Her breath thinned.

   quring a dance combination she landed one step oO center. Lara,
one of the lead dancers, noticed without breaking form. Es they passed
on the ne"t count, Lara tilted her head Just enough.

   ?...ou okay"M she whispered.
   ?jine,M Nova said, pulse spiking. ?Sorry.M
   Lara did not reply, but her eyes zicked toward Nova more than once
through the ne"t run.
   Half an hour later her foot caught on a pattern she had practiced
for months. Her ankle rolled Just enough to throw the line.
   Heat rushed up her neck.
   The choreographer clapped once. ?Take Pve. 5ater and air.M
   Nova hated that the call felt like mercy.
   She moved to the side of the room, sat on the zoor, and leaned
against the wall. Her chest zuttered with the same an"ious rhythm she
could not slow. She pressed a cold water bottle to her forehead.
   Her hands shook.
   She told herself it was e"haustion.
   E long week.
   Stress.
   Aut deep inside, something whispered that it was more.
   5hen break ended she worked harder, but her edges stayed frayed.
The last hour stretched like a slow storm. Ay the time rehearsal was
dismissed, Nova felt drained and hollow, as if something inside her had
been scraped thin.
   Iarcy did not speak when Nova Joined her at the door. She simply
walked beside her in xuiet as they headed back to the hotel.
74  B. H. ABESH2EB

                          ***

Nova shut the door and locked it. The xuiet hit her like a wave she
could not brace for. She leaned back against the door and swallowed
hard.

   Her bag dropped to the zoor. She sat on the edge of the bed. Her
hands trembled again. She pressed them between her knees, trying to
steady them, but the shaking only softened, never stopped.

   Her mind replayed the day in fragments.
   The slip in the bridge.
   6reg8s face.
   Lara8s xuiet concern.
   The break she did not want.
   The almost fall.
   The girl in the mirror that morning who already looked worn.
   She turned on the shower. Steam fogged the mirror until it disap-
peared. She stepped under the water, hoping it would wash something
clean.
   Ct did not.
   She stayed until the water turned too hot. Then too cold. Her heart
kept racing anyway.
   5hen she stepped out, she wiped a circle in the mirror and froRe.
   She looked oO.
   2yes slightly hollow. 0aw held too tense. Shoulders curled inward
like she was guarding something fragile.
   Like she was carrying weight she no longer knew how to set down.
   ?Yome on,M she whispered. ?6et it together.M
   Her voice wavered.
F7 5H2N TH2 EUULEGS2 jEq2S YQU... YQU...  74

   She dressed in soft clothes and returned to the bedroom. She sat on
the edge of the bed and opened her laptop.

   Alank page.
   Alinking cursor.
   Silence that felt pointed.
   She tried humming a melody. The tune fractured halfway through,
as if her voice no longer trusted her.
   Her chest tightened. She pressed a hand over her sternum without
thinking.
   Her thoughts circled one truth she could not xuiet.
   She missed 2lliot.
   She missed the steadiness in his voice. The way he listened without
trying to P" her. The way he saw her without the noise or the perfor-
mance.
   She told herself space was good. Necessary. Edult.
   Her phone buRRed.
   She did not reach for it.
   5anting him did not mean she was ready to lean on him.
   She stayed where she was, letting the ache e"ist without turning it
into action.
   Aut she could not.
   Not when she could not even xuiet her own heartbeat.
   She slid down to the zoor, back against the window, knees pulled
tight to her chest. She wrapped her arms around them and rested her
chin on top.
   Her breathing came in shaky waves.
   She tried to anchor herself.
   Her eyes scanned the room for something that felt steady. The
lamp. The desk. The edge of the window frame. None of it held.
7  B. H. ABESH2EB

   Her Pngers tingled, restless, as if even her body could not decide
where to land.

   She sxueeRed her eyes shut.
   Her phone buRRed on the bed.
   She did not move. She did not even look. She did not trust herself
to.
   She curled smaller, breath thin, tears drying in uneven tracks on her
cheeks.
   ?C am Pne,M she whispered into the xuiet.
   The words sounded hollow. Like habit, not belief.
   The room felt too big.
   The silence too deep.
   Her thoughts too loud.
   She stayed there, back against the glass, until her legs went numb
and her breathing steadied only because she no longer had the energy
to fall apart.
   5hen she Pnally climbed onto the bed, she pulled the covers
around her and stared at the ceiling.
   She did not sleep. She did not move.
   End without meaning to, she whispered a xuiet plea into the dark,
asking 6od to hold her steady when she could not hold herself.
CHAPTER TH  RTIY-FOR

               "Letting go was not something I was doing.
                It was something I had been postponing."

                         - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Today the quiet felt wrong.
   Elliot stood at the sink rinsing a plate he had not eaten from. The

faucet ran steady, louder than it should have been. Or maybe his own
thoughts had gone too quiet. He set the plate in the drying rack and
braced his hands on the counter.

   The house felt hollow.
   Sound carried too far.
   He had slept, but rest had come thin. His dreams had broken apart
before he could hold them. Her voice. Her laugh stopping before it
znished. He woke with a weight that had nothing to do with fatigue
and everything to do with distance.
   The phone bu''ed on the table.
   ElliotRs eyes went to it before he caught himself. He closed them
instead.
8"8  B. H. AB2SHE2B

   G"ive me steadiness today,W he said quietly.
   Mhen he znally checked the screen, notizcations stacked faster
than he could read them. 2rticles. xissed calls. xessages from people
he had not heard from in years. 2 few names he eCpected. 2 few he
did not.
   He set the phone face down, then left the room before he could
turn back.
   2 knock sounded at the door.
   Elliot wiped his hands on a dish towel and opened it.
   -lara stood on the porch with her backpack slung over one shoul?
der, hair pulled back, her eCpression tighter than usual.
   Gxorning,W she said.
   Gxorning.W
   She stepped inside only a little, hovering like she had not decided
whether she should stay. G2re you okayIW
   He could have said yes. He could have said zne. He had done that
for years.
   Gj am managing,W he said instead.
   Her shoulders eased Yust a fraction. Gj wanted to check on you
before work.W
   Gj appreciate that.W
   She studied him, really studied him, then nodded. She did not push.
   Gj will walk you out,W he said.
   GVou do not have to.W
   Gj want to.W
   Outside, the air was cool and damp, the ocean carried faintly on the
bree'e. She opened her car door, then paused.
   Gj can come back later,W she said. Gjf you want someone around.W
   GVou do not need to take care of me.W
   GSometimes j like to,W she said softly.
N8 MHEP THE 2LLU2FSE D23ES -OLV -OLV  8"J

   Elliot looked down at his hands and reali'ed he had gone still.
   Gj will be okay,W he promised.
   She believed him enough to leave. Pot enough to stop worrying.
   Elliot stood there until her car disappeared down the street.
   jnside, the quiet pressed closer.
   He tried routine. Uaundry. Sweeping sand by the back door. Safe
motions. Damiliar motions.
   Pone of it steadied him.
   His thoughts kept drifting to Pova. Her voice on the last call. The
way she had tried to sound strong. The silence that had followed.
   His hand brushed the couch cushion where she had fallen asleep
the night she stayed.
   Something white peeked out between the cushion and the armrest.
   He reached for it.
   2 torn scrap of paper.
   Her handwriting.
   Three words, rushed and slanted.
   Mork now, feel later.
   His breath caught.
   Pot a lyric. Pot a message. 4ust a thought she had written and left
behind.
   He pictured her sitting right there, hoodie sleeves pushed up, pen
tapping against her lip, eyes distant but soft. Trusting him enough to
sleep in his house. To breathe his air.
   He folded the paper and slipped it into his wallet, tucking it behind
an old photo of -lara at seven years old.
   The truth settled in.
   Uetting go was not something he was doing.
   jt was something he had been postponing.
   2nd something inside him was done postponing.
8"  B. H. AB2SHE2B

    His phone bu''ed again on the table.
    He picked up the phone.
    This time, he opened the video.
    He watched her sing the new verse.
    He saw it.
    Pot the smile.
    Pot the lights.
    The second where her breath caught.
    The way her shoulders stayed tight even after the song ended.
    The pause before she spoke again.
    jt was small.
    Aut it was not nothing.
    His Yaw tightened.
    GUord,W he whispered.
    He lowered the phone slowly.
    The quiet no longer rested easily around him.
    jt pressed.
    He whispered her name once.
    Pot a plea.
    Pot a promise.
    4ust truth.
    GPova.W
    2nd for the zrst time, the quiet did not feel like patience.
    jt felt like a countdown.
CHAPTER TH  RTIY-  FE

                "Thank you. Help me. I am sorry. Please.
             None of it came out right. So I said it anyway."

                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova spent most of the afternoon pretending to be .neI
   wt las akmost kiSe a game nolI Lmike for the photosI uaGgh at the

right momentsI ,ive shorty sleet anslers that soGnded kiSe someone
ekse had lritten them far alaT from hol she reakkT fektI

   cheT lere at a smakk stGdio aBross tolny not for rehearsak bGt for
kight BontentI -ehindAtheAsBenes BkipsI Lhort interviel soGndbitesI q
fel "GiBS videos for soBiak mediaI

   "Nothing heavTyJ the prodGBer had saidI "RGst fGn stGMI ,ive the
fans a peeS at ToGr daTI uolApressGreIJ

   uolApressGreI OightI
   Nova sat on a takk stook Gnder bright kights lhike a tinT Bamera on
a tripod stared her dolnI chere lere onkT three peopke in the room
besides WarBTy bGt it stikk fekt kiSe a BroldI
   "YSaTy NovayJ the prodGBer saidI "He likk rokk a fel "GiBS "GesA
tionsI EoG are a proI EoG got thisIJ
6?F  OI 2I -OqL28qO

   Lhe noddedI Lhe did Snol hol to do thisI Lhe had done it a
hGndred timesI

   che .rst "Gestions lere easTI
   "Hhat is one thing ToG aklaTs have in ToGr bagUJ the prodGBer
asSedI
   "LnaBSsyJ Nova said easikTI "8mergenBT onesI qnd headphonesy
beBaGse the snaBSs are for afterIJ
   "Hhere is ToGr favorite pkaBe to lriteUJ
   Lhe takSed aboGt hotek rooms and kate nightsI
   "Hhat loGkd ToG tekk ToGnger ToGUJ
   Lhe gave the GsGak ansler aboGt Sindness and patienBe and not
giving GpI
   2er moGth movedI 2er mind drifted somelhere ekseI
   "uast oneyJ the prodGBer saidI "Hhat is something that sBares ToGUJ
   che "Gestion BaGght her oM gGardI
   Lomething that sBares ToGI
   Lhe bkinSed at the BameraI ...or a moment the room fekt too stikkI
8ven the soft hGm of the kights seemed to fadeI
   Lomething that sBares ToGI
   uosing BontrokI uosing hersekfI 2Grting the peopke she Bared aboGtI
Ltanding on a stage and .nding oGt her voiBe loGkd not Bome lhen
she Bakked for itI
   2er pGkse thGdded in her earsI
   "xhyJ she startedy gripping the edge of the stookI "w thinSV w thinS
w get sBared of not measGring GpI co lhat peopke ePpeBtI Yr maTbe to
lhat w ePpeBt of mTsekfIJ
   che ansler Bame oGt skoler than it shoGkd haveI 2er voiBe lobbked
on the kast lordI Lhe added a "GiBS kaGghy trTing to smooth it overy
bGt it soGnded thin even to herI
   che prodGBer smiked anTlaTI "chat is greatI DerT honestI uove itIJ
D6 H28N c28 qCCuqxL8 ...q78L !YCE !YCE  6?j

   2e las akreadT tGrning to someone behind the BameraI "He likk get
these BGt and to the kabek tonightIJ

   che Bamera kight BkiBSed oMI
   Nova rokked her shoGkders onBey the tension easing enoGgh to noA
tiBeI
   WarBT las beside her in a seBondI "EoG goodUJ she asSed softkTI
   Nova skid oM the stookI 2er kegs fekt shaSTI "EeahI RGst thirstTIJ
   "YSaTI che Bar is laitingI He likk get ToG baBS to the hotekI 8arkT
nightIJ
   8arkT night soGnded goodI q room lith a door she BoGkd Bkose
soGnded even betterI
   che hakklaT oGtside the stGdio las narrol and fGkk of lires that ran
akong the lakksI q maSeGp artist Bakkedy "-Tey honeT'J as Nova passedI
Lomeone from the kabek laved and saidy "EoG BrGshed itIJ
   Oeid lakSed a fel steps aheady Bkearing the pathI 2e gkanBed baBS
onBey 9Gst kong enoGgh for his eTes to BheBS her faBeI Lomething in his
ePpression tightenedy kiSe he notiBed the strain she las trTing to hideI
   q seBGritT gGard 9oined him at the door and opened ity gGiding
them doln a ramp tolard the parSing areaI
   Chones lere oGtI Ceopke lere moving fastI DoiBes boGnBed oM the
BonBreteI
   wt akk bkGrred together kiSe one kong smear of noise and BokorI
   Nova Sept her head dolny her hood Gpy and fokkoled WarBT lhike
Oeid staTed Bkose enoGgh to reaBh her if anTthing shiftedI
   cheT reaBhed the bkaBS LxD laiting near the ePitI che driver
stepped oGt and opened the baBS doorI
   "2ere le goyJ WarBT saidI "2ome baseIJ
   2otek did not feek kiSe homey bGt it las Bkose enoGghI
   Nova Bkimbed inside and skid aBross the keather seatI WarBT got in on
the other sideI Oeid Bkosed the door gentkT behind them before taSing
6??  OI 2I -OqL28qO

the front passenger seatI q moment katery theT pGkked alaT from the
BGrbI

   che BitT rokked past in streaSs of graT and gkassI
   qt .rsty Nova thoGght she las 9Gst tiredI 2er bodT sanS into the
seatI 2er shoGkders droppedI Lhe ket her head rest against the Book gkass
and latBhed bGikdings ziBSer bTI
   wt las "Giet in the BarI
   che Sind of "Giet that shoGkd feek peaBefGk bGt somehol made her
sSin itBhI
   che air smekked faintkT of lhatever Bkeaner theT Gsed on the seatsy
miPed lith a hint of BoMee from someone0s travek mGgI che vents
hGmmedI q soft pkaTkist pkaTed kol on the radioy some song she GsGA
akkT kiSedI
   q smakk thoGght skid aBross her mindI
   Hhat if w never feek normak againI
   2er Bhest tightenedI
   Lhe straightened a kittke and tooS a breathI che breath BaGght
hakflaT dolny as if her kGngs had deBided theT lere not interested in
doing their 9obI
   2er heartbeat sped GpI coo fastI
   qnother breathI wt Bame oGt shakkoly BhoppTI
   2er .ngers tingkedI Lhe liggked themI che sensation did not fadeI
   EoG are oSaTy she tokd hersekfI EoG are in a BarI EoG are safeI EoG are
.neI
   che lords did not matBh lhat her bodT bekievedI
   che lindols fekt kiSe theT lere moving Bkosery tGrning the spaBe
into a boPI che seat bekt fekt kiSe a strap aBross her Bhesty pGkking tighter
and tighterI
   2er thoGghts began to raBeI
   Hhat if this is foreverI
D6 H28N c28 qCCuqxL8 ...q78L !YCE !YCE  6?'

   Hhat if w mess Gp tomorrolI
   Hhat if w Bannot singI
   Hhat if everTone sees w am not oSaTI
   Hhat if 8kkiot sal that videoI
   Hhat if he is rekieved he does not have to deak lith her anTmoreI
   "2eTyJ WarBT said beside hery voiBe kolI "NovaIJ
   Nova did not anslerI Lhe BoGkd notI 2er tongGe fekt heavTI 2er
moGth las drTI Lhe tried to slakkol and it hGrtI
   "NovayJ WarBT said againI "uooS at meIJ
   Nova tGrned her head a kittkey bGt her eTes did not seem to lant to
foBGsI 8verTthing inside her bG11edy kiSe ekeBtriBitT Gnder her sSinI
   "w Bannot breatheyJ she lhisperedI
   WarBT0s postGre shifted in an instantI
   "YSaTyJ she saidy Bakm and steadTI "EoG are having a paniB thingI wt
is akrightI EoG are breathingI w promiseIJ
   "wt feeks kiSe w am notyJ Nova saidI che lords broSe apart on her
tongGeI
   Lhe pressed a hand to her Bhesty trTing to feek the rise and fakky bGt
akk she fekt las poGndingI
   ...rom the front seaty Oeid gkanBed baBS onBey "Giet bGt akerty BonA
Bern moving aBross his faBe before he kooSed forlard againy readT for
lhatever Bame nePtI
   "2eTy Ban ToG pGkk over for a seBondUJ WarBT Bakked to the driverI
   2e gkanBed at her in the mirrorI "8verTthing akk rightUJ
   "RGst pGkk overy pkeaseIJ
   2e slitBhed on the signak and eased the Bar to the side of the roadI
che motion made Nova0s stomaBh zipI ...or a moment she londered
if she las going to be siBSI
   WarBT shifted so she las angked tolard Novay one Snee on the seatI
6'"  OI 2I -OqL28qO

   "YSaTy kisten to meyJ she saidI "He have been here beforey rememA
berU Yn the kast toGry before that kate night shol in !hiBagoUJ

   Nova rememberedI Lhe lished she didn3tI
   "wt passedyJ WarBT saidI "qnd this likk tooI EoG are not dTingI EoGr
bodT is on high akertI chat is akkI wt is a .re akarm going oM lhen there
is no .reI He 9Gst have to lait it oGtIJ
   cears skid doln Nova0s BheeSs lithoGt larningI Lhe hated BrTing
in front of peopkey even WarBTI -Gt she BoGkd not stop itI
   "w Bannot do thisyJ she lhisperedI
   "Eesy ToG BanyJ WarBT saidI "EoG are doing it right nolIJ
   "wt feeks kiSe the Bar is shrinSingIJ
   "chat is ToGr brain pkaTing triBSsI che Bar is the same si1eIJ WarBT
tooS a skoly ePaggerated breath in throGgh her nose and oGt throGgh
her moGthI "!opT mey oSaTU wn for foGry oGt for siPIJ
   Nova triedI 2er .rst inhake hit a lakk hakflaT throGgh and tGrned
into a shaST gaspI
   "wt is oSaTyJ WarBT saidI "crT againIJ
   cheT sat there breathing togetherI wnI YGtI qgainI
   che driver tGrned the mGsiB doln even koler and pretended to be
verT foBGsed on his phoney giving them privaBTI wn the front seaty Oeid
shifted skightkTy not tGrning aroGndy bGt akert in a laT that said he las
kistening for anTthing he needed to handkeI
   Nova BkGtBhed a handfGk of her sleatshirt so tight her SnGBSkes
lent lhiteI Lleat gathered at the baBS of her neBSI 2er heart stikk
raBedI
   2er mind 9Gmped aroGndy likdI

You are weak. Don't fall apart. Be grateful.
D6 H28N c28 qCCuqxL8 ...q78L !YCE !YCE  6'4

   Lomelhere Gnder akk that noisey a smakk memorT sGrfaBedI LomeA
thing 8kkiot had said onBey "Giet and BertainI chat feekings lere not
faikGresI chat theT lere signaksI chat she BoGkd bring them to ,odI

   Lhe tried to remember lhat it fekt kiSe to do thatI co praTI co trGstI
co bekieve someone las hokding akk of this lith herI

   Oight nol it fekt kiSe she las hokding everTthing akoneI
   2er kGngs bGrnedI Lhe forBed hersekf to lhispery so "Giet she las
not sGre even WarBT BoGkd hearI
   ",odV pkeaseI CkeaseI CkeaseIJ
   che lords fekt BkGmsTy bGt she said them anTlaTI
   q singke breath Bame a kittke easierI
   chen anotherI
   wt did not stop akk at onBeI wt las not a movie sBene lhere everTthing
snapped baBS to normakI
   wnsteady the paniB faded in pieBesI
   2er heart skoled from poGnding to thGddingI 2er hands lent
from shaSing to trembkingI che air in the Bar fekt kess sharpy kess heavTI
   Lhe stikk fekt ral and oGt of sTnBI
   -Gt she BoGkd breatheI
   WarBT stGdied hery eTes softI "-etterUJ she asSedI
   "q kittkeyJ Nova saidI
   "7o ToG lant laterUJ
   Nova noddedI 2er throat fekt sBraped oGtI
   WarBT handed her a bottke from the zoorI Nova tooS a sip and
akmost BhoSedy then tried again skolerI
   YGtside the lindoly Bars skid pastI Ceopke lakSed on the sidelakSI
No one had anT idea that in this one bkaBS LxDy a girk lho kooSed .ne
on everT poster in toln had 9Gst Bome Bkose to Boming apartI
   "7o ToG lant me to Bakk someone from the kabekUJ WarBT asSedI
   che "Gestion hit kiSe Bokd laterI
6'6  OI 2I -OqL28qO

   "NoyJ Nova said "GiBSkTI coo "GiBSkTI "Ckease do notIJ
   "YSaTIJ
   "w do not lant this on some .ke somelhereyJ Nova saidI "w do not
lant to be the sheAmightAbreaS girkIJ
   "EoG are not that girkyJ WarBT saidI
   "...eeks kiSe itIJ
   5EoG are hGmany5 WarBT said "GietkTI 5chat is not a zalI5
   Nova kooSed doln at her handsI che lorst of the shaSing had
stoppedI 2er .ngers stikk kooSed kiSe theT bekonged to someone ekseI
   WarBT0s phone bG11edI Lhe gkanBed at ity then gave Nova an apokoA
getiB kooSI
   "wt is ,regyJ she saidI "!heBSing in aboGt the sBhedGke tomorrolI w
tokd him le loGkd hop on a "GiBS Bakk after ToG .nished at the stGdioIJ
   Nova0s stomaBh BkenBhedI
   "w BannotyJ she saidI
   "wt Ban be tlo minGtesIJ
   "w BannotyJ Nova repeatedy her voiBe smakker this timeI
   WarBT nodded and tTped something baBSy fastI
   q fel seBonds katery her phone bG11ed againI
   "2e saTs it is importantyJ WarBT said gentkTI "cheT lant to ad9Gst
the set for the streaming thingI Nel arrangementI 2e lanted ToGr
taSeIJ
   Nova fekt the leight of itI che responsibikitTI che ePpeBtation that
she loGkd be sharp and steadT on BommandI
   che thoGght of having to soGnd foBGsed on a Bakk made her Bhest
tighten againI
   "cekk him w fekk askeepyJ she saidI
   "NovaVJ
   "CkeaseIJ
   WarBT hesitatedy then set her 9al and started tTpingI
D6 H28N c28 qCCuqxL8 ...q78L !YCE !YCE  6'

   "YSaTyJ she saidI "EoG are o BiakkT askeepI w tokd him ToG did great
todaT and Brashed the moment le hit the BarIJ

   "uiaryJ Nova mGtteredI
   "Crofessionak kiaryJ WarBT saidI "wt is part of the 9ob desBriptionIJ
   q leaS smike tGgged at the Borner of Nova0s moGthy even as gGikt
lashed over herI
   wt las a smakk thingI Yne BakkI Yne "GiBS Bhange she las sSippingI
   -Gt it fekt kiSe the .rst time she had ket something fakk on pGrposeI
   Lhe londered lhat ,reg loGkd thinSI wf he loGkd start to see her
as a probkem to manage instead of a person he bekieved inI
   ...rom the front seaty Oeid shifted skightkTy sensing the tension beA
hind himy bGt staTed sikentI chis las not his moment to .PI wt las hers
to sGrviveI
   "w likk have something kateryJ Nova saidy thoGgh none of them
bekieved itI
   ...or a fel stikk seBondsy the Bar moved forlard gentkTy giving her
spaBe to settkeI
   Oeid gkanBed at her in the mirrorI "He are akmost thereyJ he said
softkTI
   Nova noddedI
   che hGm of the tires and the mGted BitT oGtside bkended into
something she BoGkd kean against lithoGt needing to ePpkain anTthingI
   Hhen the hotek Bame into viely the driver eased the LxD tolard
the BGrbI che famikiar alning and larm kights fekt both Bkose and
impossibkT farI
   Oeid stepped oGt .rst and sBanned the sidelakSI
   chen Nova fokkoledI
   "EoG lant foodUJ WarBT asSed as theT lakSed insideI "Ooom serA
viBeI Lomething easTIJ
   "w am not hGngrTIJ
6'  OI 2I -OqL28qO

   "EoG have barekT eatenIJ
   Nova shooS her headI "Not right nolIJ
   Oeid staTed a fel steps behindy giving her spaBe bGt latBhing lith
"Giet BonBernI
   WarBT lakSed beside her throGgh the kobbTI ...ans lere not akkoled
hereI LeBGritT made sGre of thatI che "Giet shoGkd have fekt safeI
   wt did notI
   qt the ekevatory WarBT reaBhed oGt and s"Gee1ed Nova0s armI
   "w am in the room nePt dooryJ she saidI "wf ToG need mey SnoBSI Yr
tePtI Yr throl something at the lakkI w likk hear itIJ
   Nova noddedI
   "LaT it oGt koGdyJ WarBT added gentkTI "Lo ToGr brain bekieves itIJ
   Nova slakkoledI "wf w need ToGyJ she lhisperedy "w likk BakkIJ
   ",oodyJ WarBT saidI "-eBaGse ToG are akkoled to need somebodTy
ToG SnolIJ
   che ekevator arrived lith a soft BhimeI Oeid stepped in .rsty BheBSA
ing Borners oGt of habity then hekd the door lhike Nova and WarBT
stepped insideI
   Nova stood near the baBS lakkI 2er rezeBtion stared baBS from the
mirrored paneksI
   RGst a girk in a hoodie trTing to kooS steadT lhike tlo peopke stood
gGard aroGnd herI
   Oeid pressed the bGtton for their zoorI 2e staTed near the paneky
"Giet and akertI WarBT stood Bkose enoGgh to her side that Nova BoGkd
feek the larmth of her presenBeI
   che ekevator rosey hGmming Gnder their feetI Nova latBhed the
kights above the door bkinS from one nGmber to the nePtI che moveA
ment fekt skol and fast at the same timey as if her bodT had not deBided
hol to feek aboGt stikkness TetI
D6 H28N c28 qCCuqxL8 ...q78L !YCE !YCE  6'

   Hhen theT reaBhed her zoory Oeid stepped oGt .rstI 2e sBanned
the hakklaTy then noddedI

   "!kearyJ he saidI
   WarBT toGBhed her ekbol gentkTI "qkmost thereIJ
   cheT lakSed doln the Barpeted hakklaT togetherI Oeid Sept a reA
speBtfGk distanBe behind themy bGt he did not drift farI Hhen theT
reaBhed her doory he GnkoBSed it lith her SeT Bardy then stepped aside
so she BoGkd enterI
   "EoG are good from hereUJ he asSedy voiBe kolI
   Nova noddedI "chanS ToGIJ
   Oeid gave a smakk nod baBSI "w am right doln the hakk if ToG need
anTthingIJ
   Nova stepped insideI che door BkiBSed shGt behind herI
   wn her roomy the sikenBe fekt hGgeI
   Lhe set her phone on the nightstand and did not piBS it Gp againI
Lhe did not tGrn on the cDI Lhe did not pGt on mGsiBI
   Lhe sat on the edge of the bedy ekbols on her Sneesy .ngers kaBed so
tight theT hGrtI
   Lhe tried to praT againy for more than a breath and a lordI -Gt
everTthing fekt tangkedI
   chanS ToGI 2ekp meI w am sorrTI CkeaseI
   None of it Bame oGt rightI
   Lo she said nothing at akkI
   YGtside the lindoly somelhere bekoly the BitT moved and
hGmmed and sparSkedI
   Lomelhere eksey 8kkiot las probabkT doing ordinarT thingsI WaSA
ing dinnerI ...okding kaGndrTI Ltanding in a BhGrBh hakklaTy takSing to
someone lho did not Snol her nameI
   Lhe londered if he BoGkd feek it someholI chis invisibke thread
stretBhing betleen themy thin and fraTedI
6'F  OI 2I -OqL28qO

   Nova kaT baBS on the bed and stared at the BeikingI
   codaT had given her a nel Sind of fearI Not of the internetI Not of
the stageI
   ...ear that her oln bodT and mind had a kimit she las Bkoser to than
anTone reaki1edI
   ...ear that if one Bar ride BoGkd SnoBS her oM bakanBe kiSe thisy the big
things stikk ahead might sBatter her BompketekTI
   Lhe pGkked the bkanSet over hersekfy even thoGgh she las not Bokdy
and kistened to the soGnd of her heartbeat skolkTy skolkT settking into
something that akmost fekt steadT againI
   codaT had not broSen herI
   -Gt it had sholn her hol Bkose she las to the edgeI
   qnd as she Bkosed her eTesy she Snel something Bkear and sharpI
   Hhatever Bame nePty .ne las not going to be enoGgh anTmoreI
CHAPTER TH  RTIY-  S

                "I kept waiting for it to break. It didn't."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The roar of the Berlin crowd still lingered in Nova's bones long after
the last chord faded. It clung to her skin like stage glitter, impossible
to shake oy completelW. "hen she stepped backstage, the corridor felt
too narrow, the lights too bright, and the congratulations from crew
members too loud to take in.

   G"reat show, Nova.C
   GYrushed it tonight.C
   GSou looked incredible out there.C
   Hhe nodded at each comment, oyering a soft smile, but the words
slid oy her like water. qer ears still rang with adrenaline. qer breath
staWed shallow, refusing to deepen. qer steps wavered on the polished
concrete as she moved toward her dressing room.
   Homeone handed her a bouRuet of roses from a sponsor. Hhe took
them, thanked the assistant, and kept walking. The petals brushed
her arm, cool and delicate. Hhe shifted the bouRuet higher against her
chest, suddenlW aware of its weight.
98x  A. q. BAEHq2EA

   E small meet area oy the hall held a few fans who had been escorted
in. TheW clutched posters and vinWl, smiling nervouslW, eWes bright
with hope.

   NormallW she would stop. Hhe would push through the ezhaustion,
pose for photos, and oyer a smile that rarelW reached her eWes.

   Tonight, she could not do it.
   Hhe leaned toward the assistant managing the line. GTell them I will
send each of them a personalijed video tomorrow and sign everWthing
theW brought,C Nova murmured. GI Oust need a moment to breathe.C
   qe nodded, sWmpathetic. GMf course.C
   Hhe slipped awaW before anWone else could stop her.
   Inside her dressing room, she closed the door, leaned back against it,
and let the silence catch her. The air smelled like makeup wipes, fresh
hairspraW, and the faint sweetness of the roses she set on the counter.
   qer entire bodW sagged. The energW she poured onto the stage was
gone, spent somewhere between the last chorus and the Vnal bow. qer
hands trembled as she unclipped the microphone pack at her waist.
   The mirror showed her in pieces.
   Pascara smudged faintlW beneath her eWes. The glitter on her cheeks
had dulled, catching the light unevenlW. The seRuined costume still
sparkled, but her face did not keep up with it.
   Hhe did not recognije how RuicklW the night had settled into her
skin.
   Nova sank onto the vanitW stool and pulled the elastic from her hair.
It fell in loose, tangled waves. Htrands clung to her temple. qer pulse
thudded in her throat.
   Hhe inhaled slowlW.
   2zhaled.
   Nothing eased.
L9 "q2N Tq2 EUUFEDH2 ?E32H YMUS YMUS  988

   qer mind replaWed everW mistake. E missed harmonW. E small
stumble. E line that went blank for half a beat before she grabbed it
again. Hhe had covered everWthing, but each moment felt like a fracture
in a wall alreadW thinning.

   Hhe rubbed her arms, trWing to ground herself.
   qer phone sat on the table, face down.
   Hhe knew who lived on the other end of her silence.
   Hhe reached for it, then let her hand fall.
   GNot tonight,C she whispered.
   But her chest ached anWwaW.
   E soft knock came at the door.
   GSeah0C Nova said, -at.
   ParcW stepped inside, headphones around her neck, clipboard
tucked under one arm. qer eWes darted across Nova's face.
   GSou good0C ParcW asked.
   Nova shook her head. GI honestlW do not know.C
   ParcW closed the door and crossed the room. Hhe set the clipboard
down and slid oy her heels with a soft thud.
   GSou look like everWthing is turned up too loud,C ParcW said gentlW.
   GThat is ezactlW how I feel.C
   ParcW dragged a chair closer and sat. GTalk to me. "hat is going
on0C
   Nova wrapped her arms around herself. GI can't Vnd anW Ruiet
inside it. 2ven with the door closed.C
   GHhow nights can do that.C
   GNo,C Nova said RuietlW. GThis is diyerent.C
   ParcW studied her. Gqow long has this been happening0C
   GHince before Uaris. PaWbe longer.C Nova rubbed her forehead. GI
keep telling mWself it is part of the Oob. Mr stress. Mr ezhaustion. But I
feel like I am falling out of mW own life.C
1JJ  A. q. BAEHq2EA

   GNova, that is not normal.C
   GI know.C
   GSou should have said something sooner.C
   GI did not want to be dramatic.C
   GSou are not dramatic. Sou are overwhelmed.C ParcW nodded to"
ward Nova's hands. GEnd Wou are shaking.C
   Nova looked down.
   Hhe was.
   Hhe pressed her palms against her thighs until the tremor softened.
   ParcW leaned forward. GIs this about the show0 Mr the pressure0 Mr
something else0C
   Nova hesitated.
   Then she reached for her phone without turning it over.
   ParcW's gaje softened. GSou are thinking about him again.C
   Nova did not answer. Hhe did not need to.
   ParcW ezhaled slowlW. GSou have been carrWing too much alone.
End Wou VnallW hit the point where Wou cannot pretend anWmore.C
   Nova looked at her re-ection. The makeup smudged beneath her
eWes. GI miss him,C she whispered.
   GI know.C
   GI miss how calm he was. qow normal he made everWthing feel.C
   GI know.C
   GI miss the waW he talked to me like a person and not a product.C
   ParcW nodded, Ruiet.
   GEnd I hate that I let it fall apart,C Nova said. GI hate that I stopped
talking to him. I hate that I disappeared and acted like I was okaW.C
   GSou disappeared because Wou were scared,C ParcW said. GEnd be"
cause too much was happening at once.C
   GI should have ezplained.C
   GSou were drowning. No one ezplains while theW are drowning.C
L9 "q2N Tq2 EUUFEDH2 ?E32H YMUS YMUS  1J...

   Nova stared down at her hands. GI want to reach out. But I do not
know what to saW.C

   GThat usuallW means Wou alreadW know ezactlW what Wou need to
saW.C

   Nova let out a short, broken laugh. GAeaching out feels like a bad
idea.C

   G"hW0C
   GBecause if he answers, I will fall apart.C
   GEnd if he does not answer.C
   Nova winced. GI do not know which would hurt more.C
   Nova looked at her phone again.
   GI keep thinking about what comes nezt,C Nova said RuietlW.
   ParcW watched her. G"hat do Wou mean0C
   G2verW show. 2verW citW. 2verW ezpectation. Ueople think I should
feel honored and grateful and thrilled. But all I feel is trapped. Fike I
am being sRueejed from everW side.C
   GSou are allowed to feel that,C ParcW said gentlW.
   GTonight I kept wondering what it would be like to step awaW for a
little while,C Nova whispered. GNot Ruit. 4ust breathe.C
   GThat is not weakness,C ParcW said. GThat is survival.C
   Nova swallowed hard. GBut if I take a break, people will saW I am
unstable.C
   GUeople will saW anWthing to Vll their own time,C ParcW said. GFet
them talk.C
   GIt is not that simple.C
   GI know it is not. But none of this is simple. Not Wour work. Not
Wour heart. Not the things Wou carrW.C
   Nova pressed her palms against her eWes. GI feel like everWone has a
piece of me. ?ans. Fabels. Pedia. PW aunt. 2ven strangers online. But
the parts I need for mWself feel so thin.C
1J9  A. q. BAEHq2EA

   GEnd who do Wou think sees those parts,C ParcW asked gentlW.
   Nova lowered her hands. G2lliot.C
   GEnd that is whW he scares Wou,C ParcW said. GBecause he sees the
real Wou.C
   Nova nodded.
   GEnd that is whW Wou want to talk to him,C ParcW continued.
    I am tired of giving the world the version of me that is polished and
packaged. qe is the onlW one who gets the version that is real.C
   Nova took a shakW breath.
   GThis is not about romance or declarations,C ParcW said. GThis is
about honestW. Ebout connection. That is allowed.C
   Nova traced the edge of her phone. Gqe probablW moved on.C
   GNo,C ParcW said. Gqe has not.C
   GSou do not know that.C
   GI know 2lliot,C ParcW said. GEnd I know how he looked at Wou.
That kind of thing does not disappear.C
   Nova's throat tightened.
   GI do not want to pull him into chaos,C she whispered.
   GSou are not pulling him into anWthing,C ParcW said. GSou are
inviting him into a moment that is real.C
   If she did not speak soon, she felt like she might lose the chance
entirelW.
   ParcW watched her for a long moment. GSou don't have to decide
anWthing tonight,C she said RuietlW. GSou Oust have to stop pretending
this doesn't matter.C
   Nova stared at the ceiling. Then the -oor. Then the phone.
   GI still don't know what to saW.C
   GThat is okaW,C ParcW said. GHometimes knowing whW Wou want to
speak has to come before knowing how.C
L9 "q2N Tq2 EUUFEDH2 ?E32H YMUS YMUS  1J1

   Nova hesitated, the words backing up behind her teeth. GThe truth
is I'm lonelW.C

   ParcW nodded. GThen that's something to be honest about. 2ven
if onlW with Wourself for now.C

   Nova swallowed. The phone felt warm in her hand, heavier than
before. Hhe didn't unlock it.

   G"hat if I saW the wrong thing0C she whispered.
   ParcW stood. GThen Wou will. End Wou will survive that too.C
   Nova leaned back against the mirror and closed her eWes. The roar
of the Berlin crowd VnallW began to fade, leaving behind something
Ruieter and more unsettling.
   The night waited.
Ho did the truth.
   Hhe opened her phone.
   The thread was still there.
   Dnbroken.
   "aiting.
   qer thumb hovered over his name.
   ?or a long moment, she did nothing.
   Then she tWped.
   Three words.

Are   yo uauwek

Hhe stared at them.
Breath shallow.
End pressed send.
The message whooshed upward.
End something shifted above it.
1J                             A. q. BAEHq2EA

    E time stamp.
    2arlier.
    ?rom him.
    qer pulse stuttered.
    Hhe hadn't seen it.
    ?our words.

                               Are   yo u?coutt   ywu  k

    The room tilted slightlW.
    qe had alreadW chosen.
CHAPTER TH  RTIY-ESEV

                         "You are not a souvenir."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The message showed as delivered.
   Nova stared at the screen like it might explode.

         Are   yo uauwek

   Three small dots appeared almost immediately.
   Her pulse jumped.

                                                                 ?eYs
   That was it.
   Not a paragraph. Not a question. Just steady presence.
   Her throat tightened. She hadn't realized how much she'd braced
for silence until it didn't come.
306             R. H. BRASHEAR

Her thumbs hovered over the screen.

I didn't mean to text that late.

She erased it.

I'm sorry.

   She erased that too.
   The phone buzzed in her hand.
   Incoming call.
   Elliot.
   For a split second, panic "ared. This was too fast. Too real. Hearing
his voice would undo the thin control she had been holding together
all night.
   She let it ring once.
   Twice.
   Then she answered.
   "Hi,L she said, and hated how small it sounded.
   "Hi,L he replied.
   His voice was the same. Cow. ?alm. Not surprised. Not accusing.
   Just there.
   They were quiet for a second, both listening to the other breathe.
   "I wasn't sure you would answer,L she admitted.
   "I wasn't sure you would text,L he said gently.
   That almost made her laugh. Almost.
   "I'm sorry,L she said.
   "For what...L
   "For disappearing. For asking for space and then V actually taking
it.L
2W PHEN THE AUUCADSE FAOES ?YU7 ?YU7  308

   He didn't rush to -ll the silence. He never did.
   "7ou said you needed space,L he said. "I tried to honor that.L
   "I know.L
   Her free hand pressed against her chest without thinking.
   "I thought I could manage everything if I just worked harder,L she
said. "If I stayed focused. If I didn't V feel so much.L
   "And did that work...L he asked.
   She let out a thin breath. "No.L
   There it was. The crack.
   "I had a panic episode in the car tonight,L she said, the words
tumbling before she could stop them. "I couldn't breathe. I thought
I was losing my mind. And all I could think about was how calm you
always are. And how much I miss that.L
   She closed her eyes, embarrassed by how raw it sounded.
   "I miss who I am when I talk to you,L she whispered.
   The line hung between them.
   Yn the other end, Elliot exhaled.
   "I miss you too,L he said.
   He didn't dress it up. He didn't soften it.
   Just truth.
   Tears burned behind her eyes, but they didn't spill over.
   "I didn't reach out because I didn't want to pull you into chaos,L
she said. "Everything feels loud. ?omplicated. I didn't want to hurt
you.L
   "7ou don't get to decide that by yourself,L he said quietly.
   The words weren't sharp. Just steady.
   "7ou don't get to decide what I'm strong enough to walk through.L
   Her throat tightened.
   "I'm not steady right now,L she admitted.
   "7ou don't have to be,L he said. "7ou just have to be honest.L
309  R. H. BRASHEAR

   She let the silence stretch again, but this time it felt diGerent. Not
empty. Held.

   "I don't know what this looks like,L she said. "Ds. Pith everything
the way it is.L

   "Neither do I,L he answered. "But I know stepping away didn't
make it easier.L

   "No.L
   "And I know fear isn't a good reason to stay silent.L
   She swallowed.
   "I'm scared,L she said.
   "I know.L
   "I'm tired of pretending I'm -ne.L
   "I know you are.L
   She let out a shaky breath that almost turned into a laugh.
   "7ou always say that.L
   "Because it's usually true.L
   The sound of him smiling loosened something she had been hold1
ing for weeks.
   "I don't need you to -x this,L she said carefully. "I just V didn't want
to feel alone tonight.L
   "7ou're not,L he said.
   Three simple words.
   They landed heavier than applause.
   He was quiet more than he spoke. She could hear the faint clink of a
mug once. A door closing somewhere in his house. They drifted from
the panic in the car to Berlin to the scared girl in the crowd.
   Then to ?lara.
   Then to nothing in particular at all.
   The kind of nothing that only exists when neither person is trying
to impress the other.
2W PHEN THE AUUCADSE FAOES ?YU7 ?YU7  30

   She leaned back against the pillows, letting the tension drain from
her shoulders.

   "Thank you for picking up,L she said.
   "I told you before,L he replied. "If you reach, I'll answer.L
   Her chest tightened at that.
   They didn't make promises. They didn't solve logistics. They
didn't talk about headlines or tour schedules or what anyone else
would say.
   They just stayed.
   Phen the call -nally began to wind down, it was because her
breathing had steadied, not because either of them had run out of
words.
   There was a pause.
   "Nova,L he said gently.
   "7eah...L
   "I'm here. I just can't do this in pieces.L
   She swallowed.
   "Ykay,L she said quietly.
   "I should try to sleep.L
   "Are you V okay...L she asked.
   There was a slight pause.
   "I'm working on it,L he said honestly.
   She nodded, even though he couldn't see it.
   " oodnight, Elliot.L
   " oodnight, Nova.L
   She ended the call slowly, staring at the dark screen in her hand.
   The silence felt diGerent.
   She set the phone on the nightstand and lay back against the pil1
lows.
   The room was still quiet.
30                       R. H. BRASHEAR

She closed her eyes. They were okay. He had stayed.
But the line replayed anyway.

I just can't do this in pieces.

Her brow tightened slightly.

Pieces.

   The word lingered longer than it should have.
   She turned onto her side, staring at the dark window.
   He hadn't sounded angry. He hadn't sounded wounded.
   He had sounded steady.
   And suddenly she understood something she hadn't before.
   He wasn't asking for rescue.
   He wasn't oGering to disappear.
   He was refusing to be optional.
   Her throat tightened.
   She had reached for him when she was lonely. one silent when
the world got loud. Stepped back when it required courage.
   The realization didn't feel dramatic.
   It felt quiet.
   Embarrassingly clear.
   She swallowed.
   A line surfaced before she could stop it.

You are not a souvenir.

She stared at the ceiling.
The word souvenir settled heavy in her chest.
2W PHEN THE AUUCADSE FAOES ?YU7 ?YU7  3

   Not something shiny.
   Not something she picked up when she was passing through.
   Her pulse steadied.
   This wasn't about panic.
   It wasn't about Berlin.
   It was about choosing.
   And for the -rst time, she knew she couldn't keep choosing him
halfway.
   The night pressed in around her.
   Pide awake.
   So was she.
CHAPTER TH  RTIYE  -HT

You are not a souvenir that I pick up when I am dashing through town,
  Not something shiny to make me forget the people I am around.
       If I am a novelty, then why do you look at me that way?
    Like I'm someone you try to let go, but can't quite push away.
            - Nova Hart, from the chorus of "Novelty"
                             Unreleased draft

                          ***

Nova woke before her alarm, the thin gray light of early morning
pressing through the narrow gap in the curtains. For a moment she
stayed still, listening to the muted sounds of the hotel. Pipes clicking.
An elevator humming somewhere down the hall. A distant siren dis-
solving into the city.

   They had talked too long for sleep.
   Not about solutions. Not about xJing anything. Sust about stay-
ing.
   Vhe sat up slowly and reached for her notebook, pulling it from the
bag where she had shoved it the night before. The pages fell open easily,
like they had been waiting for her. Vhe read the chorus again, the words
2W HEUN TEU APPLADVU FACUV O3PY O3PY  1B1

written in a hand that slanted where she had been tired and steadied
where she had been honest.

   It did not feel xnished.
   It did not feel solved.
   "ut it felt true.
   Vhe pressed the notebook "at against her stomach and shifted,
easing the tightness enough to notice it had been there. The room did
not feel peaceful. It felt quiet in a way that could tip either direction if
she moved too fast.
   zI'm still here,G she whispered, mostly to herself.
   Vhe stood, stretched the stiMness from her shoulders, and dressed
without ceremony. Soggers. Vneakers. A hoodie that did not belong
to the show or the label or the night before. Vhe did not look at her
phone. Not yet. Vhe did not want the world deciding the shape of her
morning.
   Cownstairs, the venue bujjed with familiar chaos. Oables criss-
crossed the concrete. Vomeone cursed softly about a missing adapter.
A drum mic screeched and then cut out.
   It all pressed in at once, loud and sharp and alive.
   Vound check came and went. Eer voice held. Eer hands shook once
and then steadied. A guitarist missed a cue and she laughed instead of
apologijing for eJisting. Rreg watched her like he was trying to solve a
pujjle without touching it.
   4arcy was already moving toward her before the last note faded.
   zYou wrote,G she murmured as they crossed paths near the moni-
tors.
   Nova did not deny it. Vhe 5ust shrugged, a small, private movement.
   4arcy smiled. zRood. That usually means you're listening again.G
   "ackstage before the show, Nova sat instead of pacing. The crowd's
murmur seeped through the walls, a living thing waiting to rise. Uner-
1B6  --. E. "--AVEUA--

gy gathered low in her body, restless but contained, the kind that could
tip either direction if she rushed it.

   "ut it did not knock her "at.
   Hhen they called xve minutes, she stood easily. Hhen they called
one, she breathed instead of bracing.
   Hhen she stepped into the lights, the arena erupted.
   The sound hit her full in the chest. Oheers. Vcreams. The shimmer
of movement and noise and eJpectation. For a split second, the famil-
iar vertigo "ickered at the edges of her vision.
   Then she planted her feet.
   Vhe did not rush.
   Vhe did not shrink.
   Vhe sang.
   The music carried her instead of swallowing her. Vhe let the spaces
between lines eJist. Let the crowd xll them. Let herself be seen without
gripping so tightly.
   A glittery sign rose from the crowd midway through the set.
   4A----Y 4U N32A.
   Vhe laughed, genuinely, and the crowd roared back. For a brief
moment, an image surfaced uninvited. Ulliot's quiet smile. The way he
would have lifted an eyebrow and said something dry about proposals
requiring coMee xrst.
   The thought passed.
   It did not unravel her.
   Then she saw the girl.
   Pressed against the barrier. Too young for the noise. Eands shaking
as she held up a sign made of crooked letters and marker hearts.
   TEIV IV 4Y FI--VT O3NOU--T. I A4 VOA--UC.
   Nova did not hesitate.
2W HEUN TEU APPLADVU FACUV O3PY O3PY  1B7

   Vhe moved to the edge of the stage and waved security forward. The
arena hushed as the girl was lifted carefully up. Nova knelt, slow and
deliberate, keeping her movements gentle so nothing startled her.

   The stage lights softened.
   Nova took the girl's hands. They were cold.
   zYou're okay,G Nova said, her mic still live. zI've got you.G
   The fear did not disappear.
   It loosened its grip 5ust long enough for her to breathe.
   They were not new words. They were borrowed. Oarried from a
place inside her that still ached when she touched it.
   Vhe felt it the echo of him and let it be there without pulling
away.
   They sang 5ust four lines together. The girl's voice trembled, then
steadied. The crowd swayed with them, thousands of people holding
the same breath.
   Hhen it ended, Nova pressed her forehead brie"y to the girl's hair.
   zThank you for being brave,G she whispered.
   The roar that followed shook the stage.
   "ackstage, Nova trembled not from panic, but from release she
did not fully understand yet.
   zYou stayed,G 4arcy said quietly, arms tight around her.
   Nova eJhaled. Vhe hadn't known how close she'd come to not
doing that.
   Later, alone in her room, the adrenaline faded into a deep,
bone-heavy eJhaustion. Vhe showered. Vhe sat on the edge of the bed
with her notebook open again, staring at the lines she had written
earlier.
   Eer phone lay beside her.
   Vhe picked it up.
   The thread was no longer empty.
1B  --. E. "--AVEUA--

         Are   yo uauwek

                                                                 ?eY

   "elow it, the missed call marker from earlier. The timestamp. The
evidence that she had not imagined any of it.

   Vhe didn't open the thread.
   Vhe didn't need to.
   They had talked.
   Not about the future. Not about promises. Sust about staying
steady in the moment.
   Vhe held the phone in her hand longer than she meant to.
   Not afraid.
   Not rushing.
   Sust aware.
   Ee had said he couldn't do this in pieces.
   And she xnally understood that meant something for her too.
   Vhe had reached for him when she was unraveling.
   Oalled when she was lonely.
   Fallen quiet when the noise returned.
   Ee hadn't asked her to xJ everything.
   Ee hadn't asked her to promise forever.
   Ee had asked her not to make him convenient.
   Eer throat tightened.
   Vhe unlocked the phone.
   The thread opened easily.
   Eer thumbs hovered.
   Not shaking this time.
2W HEUN TEU APPLADVU FACUV O3PY O3PY  1B

Not desperate.
Vhe typed slowly.

I don't want to do this in pieces.

Vhe read it once.
Then again.
Vhe didn't erase it.
"ut she didn't send it either.
Not tonight.
Not from adrenaline.
Not from fear.
Vhe set the phone beside her.
The message waited.
Vo did he.
The night pressed in around her.
Hide awake.
Vo was she.
CHAPTER TH  RTIY-  -E

                    "I don't want you in pieces either."
                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Time moved in tour rhythm after that night.
   Two more cities. Three more shows. Hotel rooms that blurred to-

gether. Soundchecks that began to feel like punctuation marks instead
of beginnings. Nova stayed busy. She kept writing when the world
qnally Euieted enough to hear herself think. She did not reach out.
She did not undo what she had chosen.

   Mlliot did the same.
   ,orning settled softly along the coast. The light outside his bed-
room window came in gray and paleI the kind that did not ask any-
thing from him. He lay still longer than usualI one hand resting on his
chestI listening to the ocean through the open window.
   On.
   Uut.
   The tide moved the way it always had. Steady. Vnbothered by
human hesitation.
2W AHMN THM PLLFPVSM DPCMS YUL3 YUL3                            19'

   He hesitated. Then he opened the news alert he had been ignoring
since last night. NovaBs latest post sat at the top. P clip from 'erlin. P
single spotlight. Her name in white letters over black.

   He could scroll past it.
   He didnjt.
   He tapped the video.
   The footage was shakyI qlmed from somewhere deep in the crowd.
The sound wavered as the person holding the phone ad"usted their
grip. Fights "aredI then settled.
   Nova stood alone under a warm circle of lightI guitar resting against
her hip. She did not smile right away. She took a breath that looked
carefulI gathered.
   RThis song is for anyone who keeps saying theyjre qneIJ she said
softlyI Reven when theyjre not.J
   Her voice entered the space like a confession.

   You are not a souvenir that I pick up when I am dashing through
town,

   Not something shiny to make me forget the people I am around.

0ecognition moved through him before the second line qnished.

If I'm a novelty, then why do you look at me that way,
Like I'm someone you try to let go, but can't quite push away.

   The audio crackled. Someone nearby snixed. The crowd noise fad-
ed beneath her voiceI like the room itself was leaning in.

   Nova did not move much as she sang. No choreography. No per-
formance polish. zust stillness and sound and something unguarded
in her eyes.
1WG  0. H. '0PSHMP0

   The song ended without "ourish. She e...haled onceI lowered her
ga?eI and stepped back from the microphone.

   The video cut ox.
   Mlliot set the phone down and stared at the ceiling.
   Something tight pressed behind his ribs.
   Truth.
   He had not stepped away because it was wise. Not entirely.
   He had stepped away because fear had learned how to speak in
careful language.
   He whispered into the EuietI barely louder than the tide.
   R--od help me stop calling fear faith.J
   The words stripped away a lie he had been leaning on and left
everything else e...posed.
   He made coxee and stepped onto the porch. The morning air was
cool and clean. The ocean stretched out in soft gray bandsI patient as
ever.
   He thought about Ylara.
   'y the time she answeredI the school day had already begun.
   RHeyI CadIJ she said. RMverything okay J
   RO watched her new songIJ he said.
   There was a pause. RPnd J
   ROt unsettled meIJ he admitted. ROn a way O think matters.J
   Ylara e...haled. RCad J
   RO knowIJ he said gently. ROjm not saying anything needs to happen.
O "ust reali?ed O havenjt been as brave as O told myself O was.J
   She leaned back in her chairI the prep room Euiet around her be-
tween periods. R'eing careful is not the same as being afraid.J
   RSometimes it isIJ he said Euietly.
   Ylarajs "aw tightened. R3ou came apart last time. O saw it. 3ou
cannot pretend that didnjt happen.J
2W AHMN THM PLLFPVSM DPCMS YUL3 YUL3  1W9

   ROjm not pretending.J
   RThen why does it sound like youjre trying to talk yourself back
into something that hurt you J
   Mlliot didnjt answer right away.
   R'ecause pretending O donjt want it is hurting tooIJ he said qnally.
   Ylara closed her eyes for a moment. Ahen she opened themI the
worry was still there.
   RShe lives in chaosIJ Ylara said. RPnd you live in Euiet. That didnjt
magically stop being true.J
   RNoIJ he agreed. ROt didnjt.J
   RPnd shejs still in the middle of itIJ Ylara continued. RTours. Yam-
eras. Upinions. 3ou canjt q... that by wanting something enough.J
   RO know.J
   Ylara studied him. RThen what do you wantI e...actly J
   He thought about the song. Pbout the stillness onstage. Pbout the
ache that had been easier to ignore when he called it wisdom.
   RO want to stop hidingIJ he said. RThatjs all O know right now.J
   Ylara didnjt soften. Not fully.
   RThatjs not a planIJ she said. RThatjs a feeling.J
   ROjm not asking you to agreeIJ he replied. RO "ust didnjt want to lie
to you.J
   She nodded onceI tight. RO need timeIJ she said. RThis doesnjt feel
settled to me.J
   ROt isnjtIJ he said.
   Ahen the call endedI Mlliot stood on the porch for a long time. The
ocean moved. The sky lightened. Nothing rushed him.
   FaterI he opened a note he had started days ago and never qnished.
Typed carefully. Celeted nothing this time.
   I don't want you in pieces either.
   He stared at the words.
1WW  0. H. '0PSHMP0

   They felt e...posed. Vnpolished. True.
   He did not send them.
   'ut he did not erase them.
   He saved the note and slipped the phone into his pocket.
   Not retreat.
   Not performance.
   zust honestyI waiting.
   He walked toward the water. The tide met his anklesI cold and
grounding.
   RO want to be braveIJ he murmured into the wind.
   The ocean answered the only way it ever did.
   On.
   Uut.
   Pnd for the qrst timeI he wasnjt hiding behind it.
CHAPTER   FRTO

           I walked through your door in that seaside town
     Not knowing one glance would pull my whole guard down

           Your arm on my back made every nerve feel warm
          A truth the camera caught before I faced the storm
          - Nova Hart, from "Novelty," unreleased draft

                          ***

The dressing room settled into its usual after-show hush.
   A smear of glitter on the counter. A single false eyelash clinging to

the sink. Makeup sponges tossed aside without ceremony. The quiet
that always arrived after the noise had burned itself out.

   Nova sat in front of the mirror with her knees pulled to her chest.
Her eyeliner had smudged at the corners, softening her face. She
looked tired. Grounded. Like someone who had given something real
and did not yet know the cost.

   The room still held the warmth of stage lights. The air conditioner
buzzed faintly. Her heartbeat sounded louder than everything.

   Her phone rested beside her water bottle, screen down.
   She did not want the world yet.
   The lock clicked and Marcy slipped inside.
324  R. H. BRASHEAR

   "You lived," Marcy said, tossing her a towel. "Basic goal achieved."
   Nova smiled faintly. "Was it that obvious I was surviving out
there?"
   "No," Marcy said. "It was obvious you meant it. Those are diVerent
things."
   Nova pressed the towel to the back of her neck. "I feel like I ran
something long and uphill."
   "You did," Marcy said. "Emotionally. Spiritually. Pocally. "ick a
lane."
   Nova laughed under her breath and rolled her shoulders, trying to
loosen the ache.
   Marcy studied her re'ection in the mirror.
   "You okay?" she asked.
   Nova considered it. Then shook her head once. CNot okay. But
steady.C
   MarcyOs brow lifted. "That oneOs new."
   Nova glanced at her phone, still untouched. "I donOt feel like IOm
hiding anymore."
   Marcy nodded slowly. "ThatOs diVerent."
   Nova turned the phone face up.
   Notijcations crowded the screen. Jlips already circulating. Mes-
sages she would not read yet.
   --ne name sat alone at the top.
   Elliot.
   No emoxis. No qualijers. Uust one message, sent an hour earlier.
   I heard the song.
   NovaOs breath caught.
   Her thumb hovered, instinct rising fast F to eDplain, to soften, to
reach.
   She stopped herself.
P2 WHEN THE A""LA5SE :A6ES J--"Y J--"Y  327

   Marcy said nothing. She didnOt need to.
   Nova set the phone down again, face up this time, like she wasnOt
afraid of it anymore. Uust cautious.
   Another message appeared.
   And I prayed for you tonight.
   Nova closed her eyes.
   Uust truth.
   Her throat tightened. She pressed her palm 'at against her chest,
feeling the steadiness she had fought for all night.
   A third message came.
   I'm not asking anything. I just wanted you to know I saw you.
   That was all.
   No questions. No plans. No leaning forward.
   The restraint landed heavy F and holy.
   Nova looked at Marcy. "He didnOt run."
   Marcy nodded. "Neither did you."
   Nova picked up the phone again, holding it carefully, like some-
thing alive.
   She typed. 6eleted. Typed again. "aused.
   Then
   Thank you for seeing me. I'm tired. But tonight felt honest.
   She stared at it for a long moment.
   Then sent it.
   The reply did not come immediately.
   When it did, it was simple.
   Honest usually costs something. I'm glad you paid it.
   Nova let out a slow breath. Not relief. Recognition.
   She did not write back.
   Not because she didnOt want to.
32  R. H. BRASHEAR

   Because she was learning the diVerence between reaching and
grasping.

                          ***

Across the country, Elliot sat at his kitchen table with his Bible still
open where he had left it.

   The house was quiet. Not empty. Waiting.
   He stared at the phone in his hand, the message thread glowing
softly.
   He had typed and erased three diVerent versions before sending
anything at all.
   He had prayed jrst. Not for her response, for his restraint.
   God, don't let me turn longing into urgency.
   When her message arrived, he closed his eyes.
   Not relief.
   Alignment.
   He typed his reply slowly, deliberately, then set the phone face
down on the table.
   He did not reach for it again.
   --utside, the ocean moved in its steady rhythm. The tide did not
rush itself.
   Neither would he.

                          ***

Back in the dressing room, Nova showered quickly and changed into
soft clothes. Her body still hummed with the echo of the crowd, but
her mind felt quieter than it had in weeks.
P2 WHEN THE A""LA5SE :A6ES J--"Y J--"Y  32

   She lay back on the bed and stared at the ceiling.
   She had not jDed anything.
   She had not chosen anything.
   But she had stopped pretending she didnOt want something real.
   That felt like the beginning of courage.
   She closed her eyes, the melody of CNoveltyC still moving through
her like something that already knew its answer.
   Not yet.
   But soon.
   And for tonight, that was enough.
CHAPTER   FRTOYF-E

            "For the first time, the ocean did not steady him."
                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Morning light leaked through the gap in the hotel curtains and settled
against the edge of Nova's bed. She woke without the familiar jolt of
panic, stayed still, and let the quiet prove itself real.

   Her chest rose and fell, steady and unhurried, with no tremor or
rush of icy fear. Just breath.

   She reached for her phone on the nightstand. The screen lit with
Elliot's messages from the night before.

   I heard the song.
   And I prayed for you tonight.
   I'm not asking anything. I just wanted you to know I saw you.

   Her throat tightened. She held the phone to her heart.
   "Lead this," she whispered. "Not fear. No performance. Just You."
   The phone buzzed in her hand.
   Elliot Brooks.
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  329

   Nova sat up fast, as if sitting could steady her courage. She answered
before doubt could catch up.

   "Hi," she said, breath soft.
   "Hi," Elliot replied. His voice was warm, careful, as if he was hold-
ing something breakable. "I didn't know if you'd be awake."
   "I am awake," she said. "More than I expected."
   He chuckled softly. "Good."
   A gentle pause settled between them, long enough for her shoulders
to ease.
   "How are you this morning?" he asked.
   "Tired," she said. "But calm. And that feels ... new."
   "It's new," he said. "And I'm grateful for it."
   "What about you?" she asked.
   "I feel hopeful," he said. "And nervous. I'm letting both be true."
   Nova suppressed a smile. "You can do that," she said.
   He paused, then spoke with soft sincerity. "Nova, your bravery last
night was very meaningful to me."
   Her eyes stung. "Thank you."
   "I want us to be careful," he said. "Not because we're afraid. Be-
cause this matters."
   "Slow," she said. "Steady."
   "We rebuild "rst."
   "Yes."
   Silence settled again, careful in the way both of them held it.
   "I miss you," she said "nally.
   He exhaled. "I've felt the quiet without you."
   Another pause.
   RAfter tomorrow's performance,R he said, Rwe decide what comes
next.R
331  0. H. B0ASHEA0

   Nova's shoulders loosened, then stilled, as if her body had expected
more and did not know what to do with the quiet instead.

   "Okay," she said.
   "Okay," he echoed.
   She ended the call and pressed the phone to her forehead, breathing
until the tightness in her chest eased enough to stand.
   Marcy slipped into the room. "You look like someone just exhaled
for the "rst time all week," she said.
   Nova let out a breath that sounded almost like a laugh. "I talked to
him."
   Marcy grinned softly. "And you look steadier. That is a good sign."
   A few minutes later, Greg appeared in the doorframe with a co--ee
in hand, hair still messy from too little sleep. "Morning, star child.
Scale of one to ten, how emotionally fragile are we today?"
   Nova lifted her chin. "Actually... I am okay."
   Greg stared at her like she had announced she was moving to the
moon. "Interesting. Suspicious. But interesting."
   Nova took a slow breath. "Greg... during my break, I might want
to go somewhere quiet," she said carefully. "Not to escape. Just ... to
stay honest."
   Greg raised one eyebrow. RLet me guess. Oceanside. And some
old guy you once described in a way that made Marcy spit out her
co--ee. With a daughter who made it very clear she was watching. Am
I following?R
   Nova covered her face with her hand. "Greg."
   "What? I am only using the material you gave me," he said. "I take
notes. It is a survival tactic."
   Marcy snorted. "He really does."
   Nova lowered her hand. "Greg... I want to see him intentionally.
Slowly. Not like before."
V2 WHEN THE APPLAUSE FADES COPY COPY  33

   Greg studied her for a long moment. "If you go to Oceanside," he
said quietly, "it won't stay private."

   Nova nodded. "I know."
   "Then we won't hide it," he said.
   She held his gaze. "I'm not hiding anymore."
   Greg exhaled. "Then go with your eyes open."
   Nova let out a short laugh and shook her head. "Thank you."
   "Do not thank me yet," Greg said. "Thank me when this man is
worth the circus I am about to walk into for you."
   Marcy lifted her co--ee cup. "This is not a circus."
   Nova gave her a at look. "Too soon."
   Greg nodded approvingly. "Thank you. My point exactly."
   Nova laughed, surprised by the sound of it.
   "You look clearer today," Greg said.
   Nova nodded. "I am."

                          ***

Elliot ended the call and remained seated at the kitchen table, phone
still in his hand.

   Hope felt lighter than it had in weeks. Fragile. 0eal.
   The phone buzzed again.
   Clara.
   He stared at her name longer than he should have.
   Then answered.
   "I saw it," she said.
   No greeting. No softness.
   Elliot leaned back in his chair. "The headline?"
   "Yes."
332  0. H. B0ASHEA0

   Silence stretched between them, tighter than the one he had just
left.

   "I told you this would not stay private," she said. Not angry. Con-
trolled. Which was worse.

   "I know."
   "Do you?" Her voice thinned. "Because this is exactly what I was
afraid of."
   He closed his eyes brie y. "Clara "
   "You said you were being careful," she continued. "You said you
were protecting your peace. This doesn't look careful."
   "It wasn't planned."
   "That doesn't make it safer."
   The words landed.
   "I'm not trying to be reckless," he said quietly.
   "No," she replied. "You're trying to be brave."
   He swallowed hard.
   "And sometimes," she said, voice cracking despite her e--ort, "your
bravery costs me."
   "I don't want you hurt," he said.
   "I already was," she answered. "Last time."
   Silence again.
   Not gentle. Not calm.
   Honest.
   "I need to know this isn't just hope you're calling faith."
   He opened his mouth.
   Closed it again.
   The ocean moved outside the open window.
   In.
   Out.
   For the "rst time, the ocean did not steady him.
CHAPTER   FRTOYT-F

                   "I already lose something every time
                 I erase someone else to protect myself."

                         ≠ Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The call came before noon.
   Nova was still near the window when Marcy's phone rang again.

Marcy answered without looking away from her.
   "Yes," she said. "I understand."
   She listened a moment longer, jaw tightening, then added, "Give us

thirty minutes."
   After ending the call, she faced Nova directly.
   "That was your label," she said. "They're done waiting."
   Nova crossed her arms. "For what?"
   "For alignment," Marcy said. She folded her hands, precise. "They

need to feel conxdent about what comes neqt."
   Nova let out a Ruick breath. "I think that already happened."
   Marcy did not smile. "They want cooperation."
   There it was.
44C  H. B. EHASB3AH

   Not truth.
   Not care.
   Wooperation.
   "Jhat does that look like?" Nova asked.
   "A statement drafted by legal," Marcy said. "Wareful language. No
names. No conxrmations. No denials that can be proven false. -ust
enough distance to slow the cycle."
   "And if I don't?"
   Marcy hesitated.
   "They move without you," she said. "They can suspend promoz
tion. FreeQe interviews. Puietly cool support."
   Nova turned back to the window. The crowd outside had thickz
ened, bodies pressing shoulder to shoulder. Vhones hovered above
heads, their screens glowing white. Wamera lenses caught the light and
2ashed as security waved people back, radios crackling over the noise.
   Jaiting had calmed nothing. It had focused it.
   Ber phone buQQed.
   3lliot.

                           Any   mov  vne

She typed back.
     tvYs
     .Tvy hav rcmYlni lns
     gn OmeT mb fYs
LU JB3N TB3 AVVDAOS3 FA53S W6VY W6VY                          447

   At his kitchen table, 3lliot stared at his phone. Be had not moved
since sitting down.

   The group teqt from church leadership was still open. Two elders.
The senior pastor. Another message sat unread from the youth minz
istry coordinator.

   3lliot responded.

                                 uThe hav eTvy hYWlni mb ymfk

     .Tvy ?mnde hne hnYvaYs
     .Tvy hne 'flves
     .Tv Wln? eThe cmmWY mOv?lvne mn h Yravvns

3lliot eqhaled slowly and typed.
                              wd   iveelni eTv Yh  v av'fvYe

     qlIvavne omlrvYs Dh  v   vhnlnis

ffam   Tmk

            STfarT cvh?vaYTlFs
44'  H. B. EHASB3AH

     .Tvydav hYWlni   v em homl? rm    vnelni
                          .m CFamevre evYel  mnysp

Nova swallowed.
     .Tvy hne avhYYfahnrv"s

3lliot watched three dots appear almost immediately.
Then stopped.
Then appeared again.

     .The ymf lcc Yehy 'flves

     .The ymf lcc nme rm  Fclrhev eTlniYs

   3lliot rested his elbows on the table and stared at the grain of the
wood.

   She asked the Ruestion he knew would come.

         Dm" The ?l? ymf evcc eTv  k

There was a longer pause this time.
Dong enough for him to feel the cost of saying it out loud.

                                 w emc? eTv   w mfc? nme clvs
LU JB3N TB3 AVVDAOS3 FA53S W6VY W6VY  448

   Nova eqhaled slowly, realiQing she d been holding her breath. Ber
chest loosened, just enough to make space for it.

   Marcy paced behind her. "Je are losing time. They are drafting
language right now. If you want input, it has to be now."

   Nova turned. "Input into what?"
   "Into how this disappears," Marcy said. "6r how it turns into
something we cannot control."
   Nova shook her head. "Wontrol is already gone."
   Marcy's voice sharpened. "You are not the only person this a ects."
   "I know," Nova said. "That is why silence is no longer neutral."
   Another call came in. Marcy glanced at the screen.
   "Degal," she said. "They are ready."
   Nova's breath shortened. Ber ribs felt tighter, as if the room had
leaned in and forgotten to leave her air.
   She thought of every time delay had cost her something she could
not name until it was gone.
   "Jhat happens if I tell the truth," Nova asked.
   Marcy did not answer right away.
   "Then you lose control of how it lands," Marcy said.
   She didn't elaborate. She didn't have to.
   Nova met her gaQe. "I already lose something every time I erase
someone else to protect myself."
   6utside, the noise surged again. Ber name rose unevenly through
the glass.
   Ber phone buQQed.

                  uThevova ymf rTmmYv" w mnde Tl?v vleTvas
44                           H. B. EHASB3AH

   Nova closed her eyes.
   Silence was no longer protection for anyone.
   Ber hands were cold against the glass.
   "Tell legal I'll speak. Not for them," she said.
   Marcy's breath caught. "Nova."
   Nova did not look away. "Not their script. Mine."
   Marcy searched her face. "5o you understand the cost?"
   "Yes," Nova said. "I understand the cost of not doing it."
   Marcy looked down at her phone, then back up. "Jhen."
   Nova glanced at the window. At the cameras. At the certainty that
the story would move with or without her.
   "Soon," Nova said. "Eefore they decide for me."
   Ber phone buQQed again. She teqted 3lliot.

    w lcc evcc eTv eafeT hn? cve le chn? Tvav le
    chn?Ys

    Bis response was Ruick.

                                               w Tvha ymfs

    She straightened.
    The noise outside rose again.
    This time, she did not step back from it.
CHAPTER   FRTOYTHREE

                 "He did not choose this spotlight. I did."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Nova's phone vibrated nonstop, her name gashinc alross head.ines in
bo.dS

   Nova Hart to address rumors today, source con.rms

   khe didn't need to asw uho the soOrle uasS
   FOtside, lamera .enses ti.ted OpuardS M.ashes poppedS
   yarl" stood near the door, phone pressed to her earS Y"es,W she said
even."S YAe're auareSW
   ' paOseS
   YNoS khe hasn't lommitted to thatSW
   'nother paOseS
   YAeT.. lonIrm uithin the hoOrSW
   khe ended the la.. and .oowed at NovaS
   YRhe"'re civinc Os a uindou,W she saidS YHt's not ceneroOsSW
0?f  BS ES 3B'kE4'B

YEou .oncLW Nova aswedS
YRuo hoOrsS 'Pter that, the" rOn uhatever the" haveSW
Nova nodded onleS
Ruo hoOrs uasn't enoOch time to delideS
Ht uas enoOch time to altS
'nother notiIlation appearedS

Statement coordination call.

   xeca.S xabe.S zBS
   yarl" uatlhed her larePO.."S YHP "oO cet on that la.., "oO read uhat
the" draPtS "oO don't deviateS Ht s.ous ever"thinc dounSW
   Y'nd himLW Nova aswedS
   yarl"'s eVpression shiPtedS YEis name uon't be mentionedSW
   Ahilh meant he uoO.dn't eVistS
   Nova's phone bO22edS 4..iotS

     They'er   askirnergmrtmkos'nrcrfmkgrtmnI
     nekgw

khe t"ped balw immediate."S
     So   the ywa   nsihalh oa co  t nsbhnd

                       .hnd YtheTh lwiisa' s   ro  hl  soad
'nother bO22S
UD AE4N RE4 'zzx'Ck4 M'14k :Fz" :Fz"                      0?j

g yoaT   bsnwrrhwd g paoy ytw     tw   yoIib
lon  d

   Nova stared at the slreenS
   Mor "ears she had mastered this moment, shrinwinc statements,
sOrvivinc head.ines b" belominc sma..er inside themS
   khe Pe.t the o.d instinlt riseS
   koPten itS
   :ontro. itS
   yawe it manaceab.eS
   Not this timeS
   khe t"ped-

         Ythe ywa   kh   o hwnh eoId

' paOse .asted bePore he respondedS
                      Ytha   th   I  t sn wihwbe ltonhad

              Yth uIhn  soa sn yth  th eoITii nrhwp s  d

   yarl"'s phone ranc acainS khe si.enled itS
   YRhe"'re not uaitinc,W she saidS
   Nova ua.wed to the uindouS
   Rhe lroud be.ou had croun .oOderS ' reporter ad--Osted a .ichtS
komeone praltiled into a milrophoneS
   Rhe uor.d had a.read" delided she oued it a version oP herse.PS
   Eer phone bO22ed acainS
0?D  BS ES 3B'kE4'B

                           gTk ao   wnpsa' eoI   o ro  hl   kh

                            gTk wnpsa' eoI ao     o hwnh khd

   Nova tOrned Prom the uindouS
   YH'm not readinc their statement,W she saidS
   yarl" uent sti..S YNovaSW
   YH'm not cettinc on that la..,W Nova lontinOedS YHP H speaw, it uon't
be throOch themSW
   Y"oO'.. .ose lontro.,W yarl" saidS
   YH a.read" .ost it,W Nova rep.iedS YAhat H'm lhoosinc nou is honq
est"SW
   ki.enle I..ed the roomS
   yarl" searlhed her Pale Por hesitationS
   Rhere uasn't an"S
   YHP "oO do this pOb.il.",W yarl" said larePO..", Y"oO lan't ua.w it
balwSW
   YH'm not tr"inc to,W Nova saidS
   'nother la.. gashed alross yarl"'s phoneS
   YRhe" uant lonIrmation,W she saidS
   Nova .iPted her lhinS
   YRe.. them H'.. speaw,W she saidS Y3Ot not on their la..SW
   yarl"'s breath laOchtS YRhat lhances ever"thincSW
   Y"es,W Nova saidS YHt doesSW
   FOtside, the noise sOrced J as iP the bOi.dinc itse.P Pe.t the shiPtS
   yarl" stared at her Por one .onc moment, then becan t"pinc rapidq
."S
UD AE4N RE4 'zzx'Ck4 M'14k :Fz" :Fz"   0?0

   YRhen ue move Past,W she saidS Y3elaOse onle this starts, it uon't
stopSW

   Nova's phone vibrated acainS '.erts stalwincS kpelO.ation tichtenq
incS

   khe didn't .oow at themS
   khe teVted 4..iot one Ina. messaceS

                        gTk nrhwpsa'd

Rhe rep." lame Oilw."S
     g thw eoId

   Nova s.ipped her phone into her polwetS
   YAhereLW she aswedS
   yarl" b.inwedS YAhereLW
   YHP H'm speawinc,W Nova said, YH'm not hidinc in a lonPerenle
roomSW
   yarl" stOdied herS Rhen nodded onleS
   Yxobb",W she saidS YMive minOtesSW

                          ***

Rhe .obb" .ichts uere too brichtS
   yilrophones rose touard her as selOrit" parted the lroudS
   Nova did not uait Por OietS khe uaited Por breathS
   YH wnou uh" "oO're here,W she saidS
   Rhe room sti..edS
0??  BS ES 3B'kE4'B

   YH uon't o er a denia.SW
   ' lamera shOtter snappedS
   YRhere is someone in m" .iPe uho matters to meSW
   Rhe noise shiPted J not .oOder, --Ost sharperS
   YEe did not lhoose this spot.ichtS H didSW
   khe he.d the si.enle aPter thatS
   YH ui.. larr" uhat lomes uith m" nameS 3Ot H uon't pretend he does
not eVist to mawe that easierSW
   No nameS
   No perPormanleS
   No tremb.incS
    Ost trOthS
   YH uon't be ansuerinc POrther Oestions toda"SW
   khe stepped balw bePore the noise loO.d sue..S
   Rhe Oestions started bePore she realhed the ha..ua"S
CHAPTER   FRTOY  F-R

                        "Real was worth weather."
                         - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

Elliot did not move while she spoke.
   He stood in his kitchen with the livestream open, the volume low

enough that he could hear the steadiness in her breathing.
   When she said --
   "He did not choose this spotlight. I did."
   -- his hand tightened on the back of the chair.
   Not pride.
   Not triumph.
   Responsibility.
   The comments blurred below her image. Scripture fragments.

Half-formed opinions. Screenshots already circulating.
   He closed the laptop before she stepped back from the micro-

phones.
   He did not need to see the surge.
   His phone began vibrating immediately.
   Unknown numbers.
346        R. H. BRASHEAR

A local reporter.
Two missed calls from an elder.
A text from Clara.

     Dad.

   He let the calls go unanswered.
   Instead, he sat down.
   The kitchen felt smaller than it had an hour ago.
   He bowed his head, not in performance. In rezex.

   God, do not let my steadiness become pride. Do not let my fear become
silence.

   His phone bu''ed again.
   Clara calling.
   He answered this time.
   "I watched," she said.
   Her voice wasnYt angry.
   It was braced.
   "She didnYt name you."
   "No."
   "She protected you."
   "Des."
   A long pause.
   "...adq this wonYt stay ?uiet."
   "I know."
   "And you still want thisV"
   That ?uestion landed harder than anything else had.
2P WHEN THE ALLFAUSE OA...ES C7LD C7LD        34:

   He did not answer ?uickly.
   "I want truth," he said Mnally.
   "That wasnYt the ?uestion."
   He exhaled.
   "Des," he said.
   Silence.
   "I donYt want to lose you to something that moves faster than you
can see," she said.
   "Dou wonYt," he replied.
   He hoped it was true.
   After she hung up, he opened the group text from church leader-
ship.

We   eed nt oeen nt  mign.

He typedG

                            h Imww le ngebe.

   He did not defend. He did not explain. He did not preempt.
   He would be there.
   Across the country, Nova had made it back to the hotel before her
hands started shaking. Now she sat on the zoor with her back against
the bed.
   8arcy was still on the phone.
   9reg had already textedG

   You just split the internet in half.
345                R. H. BRASHEAR

Nova did not smile.
Her hands trembled now that the adrenaline had burned o0.
She pressed them zat against her thighs and let them shake.
Her phone lit up again.

                                                       hro gebe.

She read it once.
Then again.
Then typedG

     nmww'

A pause.

                                   SwIa?A.

   Her throat tightened.
   8arcy ended her call.
   "TheyYre divided," she said. "Sponsors are nervous. But you didnYt
implode anything."
   Nova nodded.
   "TheyYve identiMed him," 8arcy said. "They found the church
website. HeYs listed as an elder."
   NovaYs head lifted.
   "AlreadyV"
   "Des."
   Nova closed her eyes.
   Oaith was never the part she feared losing. It was the part she feared
being misunderstood in.
2P WHEN THE ALLFAUSE OA...ES C7LD C7LD           34

Her phone bu''ed again.
An email preview zashedG

We are concerned about your public alignment...

   She locked the screen.
   Oor the Mrst time in years, she had not curated the narrative.
   She had entered it.
   And it was wild.
   She stood slowly.
   "I donYt regret it," she said.
   8arcy studied her.
   "Dou might."
   "8aybe," Nova said.
   "But not for speaking."
   Back in 7ceanside, Elliot stepped outside.
   The ocean was restless tonight.
   Wind rougher than usual. Waves breaking harder against the rocks.
He rested his hands on the railing.
   The phone in his pocket bu''ed again. He didnYt look.
   He let the wind hit his face.
   Exposure.
   That was the word.
   Exposed.
   His phone bu''ed once more. Nova.

na  dm  i.
3                  R. H. BRASHEAR
   He typed backG

                                                             nmww.

He stared at the hori'on. This was no longer contained.
But it was real.
And real was worth weather.
CHAPTER   FRTOY  -IE

                 "Integrity does not shield you from cost.
               It simply clarifies whether you will bear it."

                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The church was mostly dark when Elliot arrived.
   Only the fellowship hall lights were on. The rest of the building sat

in shadow, quiet and familiar.
   He had walked into this place through grief. Through storms.

Through years that had reshaped him.
   Tonight felt diIerent.
   Nnside, folding chairs had been set in a loose circle. Jo table. Jo

paperwork. Must men who had known one another a long time.
   Aark sat at the center of the arc. Ar. Svery to his right. Mack beside

him, quiet and watchful.
   Svery gave him a small nod. "teady. Jot smiling, but not cold.
   They waited until Elliot had taken his seat.
   Aark leaned forward slightly.
   W"e are not here to question your character,R he said.
   Jo preamble.
52Y  B. H. 3BS"HESB

   W"e are here because what touches one elder touches all of us.R
   The words settled evenly across the room.
   WThe coverage is widening,R Aark continued. W-our name is at'
tached. The churchzs name will not be far behind.R
   Elliot nodded once. WN understand.R
   Aark held his ga?e.
   WThe reports say she stayed at your house.R
   There it was.
   Elliot did not shift.
   W"he did.R
   "ilence.
   WJova slept on the couch. N took the chair.R
   Jo elaboration.
   WJo one else was presentCR
   WJo.R
   Jo one spoke immediately.
   Ar. Svery spoke for the xrst time.
   W"e trust you,R he said gently. W3ut the world will not.R
   Elliot met his eyes.
   WNzm aware.R
   Aark folded his hands.
   WHow is VlaraCR
   W"hezs thinking more than shezs talking.R
   Sveryzs ePpression softened.
   W"hezs already had stability taken from her once,R he said quietly.
W"he doesnzt need another season of uncertainty.R
   The reference to her mother hung in the room without being
named.
   Elliot felt that one.
   WNzm watching that carefully,R he said. Jot defensive. Vertain.
LY "HEJ THE SUUFSD"E "S4E" VOU- VOU-  525

   The room was still.
   Aark ePhaled slowly.
   W"e met brie--y before you arrived,R he said.
   Mack shifted in his chair, the faint scrape of metal cutting through
the quiet.
   WTherezs something we need to ask plainly.R
   Elliot felt it before it came.
   WHave you considered what it would look like to step back for a
seasonCR
   Jot sharp.
   Jot dramatic.
   3ut heavier than anything else said that night.
   Elliot did not speak immediately.
   He had buried his wife in this church. "at in hospital corridors with
these men. Urayed through seasons that had no good endings.
   He had ePpected concern.
   He had not ePpected to be measured.
   Aark added quietly, Jot as discipline. Ss stewardship.
   The word landed clean.
   Elliot straightened slightly.
   WNf N saw this hurting Vlara, N would not continue.R
   He let that settle.
   WSnd N wouldnzt stay in leadership if N thought N was putting this
church at risk.R
   Jo one interrupted.
   Ar. Svery watched him carefully.
   WThis isnzt ministry,R Elliot said quietly.
   WNtzs a relationship.R
   The words were simple. "ithout ornament.
52  B. H. 3BS"HESB

   Aarkzs ePpression did not change, but something in the room soft'
ened.

   WSre you reacting,R Aark asked, Wor are you choosing this clearlyCR
   WNzm choosing it clearly.R
   Jo edge. Jo heat.
   WN have not hidden,R Elliot added. WSnd N have not misled anyone.R
   WJo one here believes you have,R Svery said.
   Aark leaned back slightly.
   WFeadership is not only about being right.R
   Elliot held his ga?e.
   WNtzs also not about disappearing when things get complicated.R
   The room held that tension not as argument, but as reality.
   "inally, Aark nodded once.
   W"e trust you.R
   The words were deliberate.
   W3ut if this church is drawn into public controversy, we will revisit
what stepping back might require.R
   Jot a deadline.
   S boundary.
   Elliot inclined his head. WThatzs fair.R
   Ar. Svery added quietly, W-ou wonzt carry this alone.R
   WSnd neither will Vlara,R Mack said.
   Aark bowed his head and prayed. "isdom. Urotection. Vlarity.
Humility.
   "hen they rose, nothing had been resolved.
   Only dexned.
   Outside, the night air felt colder than before.
   Elliot stood beside his car, keys in hand.
   He had walked through storms here. Beal ones. Boof damage.
"inancial strain. Nllness.
LY "HEJ THE SUUFSD"E "S4E" VOU- VOU-  522

   He had always believed integrity was enough. Nntegrity did not
shield you from cost. Nt simply clarixed whether you would bear it.

   "or the xrst time since Jova stepped into his house, something had
been taken from him.

   Jot visibly. 3ut permanently.
   Jot position. Jot trust.
   Vertainty.
   He unlocked the car and sat behind the wheel. He was still steady.
3ut the ground was no longer untouched.
   Snd he knew, when he saw her nePt, he would tell her.
   Nt had weight now.
CHAPTER   FRTOY-SI

      "So this didn't become something we handled in fragments."
                   - Nova Hart, untitled hat landed

                          ***

The igthl fejl usal rjled wrn.El
   offgbl arl yc lhe ng.wbn r.w nrlzhew lhe zbralfg.e jrwe g.lb hrHeE

ve wgw .bl deherdae nhrl he nbsfw arcE ve hrw ferd.ew fb.t rtb lhrl
deherdaew nbdwa drdefc asdBgBew derf zb.Bedarlgb.E

   ,ejbde ybrdwg.tm he ae.l r SeaarteE

                                   Are   yo uree fthi saernyyn?

   peBedrf Sg.slea VraaewE

         I tsve s bresk befween fsphngi sryond
         ftree. Wt  ?
         Becsoie I'' be ftere.
2W NvoA Tvo PLLUPFpo DPCop OYL3 OYL3             57-

The wbla rVVerdewE CgarVVerdewE PVVerdew rtrg.E
     lyore u'  hng tere?

                                                                 lei.

   P fb.ted VrsaeE

         I csnYf wshf fy iee   yo.

   Thrl nra rffE
   Uba P.tefea wgw .bl s.jbfw te.lfcE
   Tdrkz zdrnfew jdbS lhe rgdVbdlE ,gffybrdwa zfgSyew bBed b.e r."
blhedE The rgd hefw herl eBe. g. erdfc rjled.bb.E
   ve rddgBew neff yejbde lhdee r.w nrf"ew lhe fe.tlh bj lhe yfbz"
rzdbaa jdbS lhe alswgb e.ldr.zeE Ldbwszlgb. Br.a fg.ew lhe zsdyE pe"
zsdglc tsrdwa zhez"ew yrwtea nglhbsl fbb"g.t sVE
   Pl lnb ?jlc"egthlm hga Vhb.e ysHHewE
   ObSg.t bsl .bnE
   ve fbb"ew sVE
   phe zdbaaew lhe fbl nglhbsl r. e.lbsdrteE ,rff zrV fbnE ps.tfraaea
g. hed hr.wm .bl hgwg.tE Ab alrte fgthlg.tE Ab rswge.zeE
   Nhe. ahe derzhew lhe agwenrf"m ahe albVVew r jen jeel jdbS hgSE
   '3bs rzlsrffc ien hedeER
   '3eaER
   'Nhc8R
   'pb lhga wgw.--l yezbSe abSelhg.t ne hr.wfew g. jdrtSe.laER
57I  qE vE ,qPpvoPq

   The .bgae bj lhe ybsfeBrdw SbBew rdbs.w lheS x e.tg.eam hbd.am
abSeb.e ahbslg.t g.lb r herwaelE

   phe alswgew hgS jbd r SbSe.lE
   'Y"rcmR ahe argw 9sgelfcE
   ve .bwwew b.zeE
   'J Sel nglh lhe efweda fral .gthlER
   ved ahbsfweda aldrgthle.ewE
   'Thec ra"ew Se lb zb.agwed aleVVg.t yrz"ER
   phe wgw.--l ig.zhE
   'DdbS yeg.t r. efwedER
   P ysa dbffew Vralm yfbz"g.t lheS ydgeic jdbS BgenE Nhe. gl zferdewm
ahe nra algff nrlzhg.t hgSE
   'P.w8R ahe ra"ewE
   'J lbfw lheS .bER
   Thede nra .b Vdgwe g. glE Ab wdrSrE
   'Thec ldsal SemR he zb.lg.sewE ',sl gj lhe zhsdzh ga Vsffew g.lb
lhga Vsyfgzfcm ne deBgagl glER
   phe ryabdyew lhrl nglhbsl g.leddsVlg.tE
   'Thrl--a jrgdmR ahe argwE
   '3eaER
   ve heaglrlewE
   'J wgw lhg." rybsl glER
   Thrl asdVdgaew hedE
   'Nhc8R
   ',ezrsae ferwedahgV zrddgea negthlE P.w J wb.--l lderl lhrl fgthlfcER
   P VrsaeE
   ',sl J--S .bl s.zedlrg. rybsl cbsER
   ved e6Vdeaagb. ahgjlew x abSelhg.t alerwc aellfg.t g.E
   'J wb.--l nr.l cbs fbag.t abSelhg.t cbs--Be ysgfl jbd wezrweamR ahe
argwE
2W NvoA Tvo PLLUPFpo DPCop OYL3 OYL3  570

   'J--S .bl fbag.t glmR he deVfgewE 'Jj r.clhg.t zhr.team gl ngff ye
yezrsae J zhbae glER

   'P.w gj lhe zbal tdbna8R
   'The. ne wezgwe rtrg.ER
   Thede nra .b we?r.ze g. hga lb.eE sal alerwg.eaaE
   P Vdbwszlgb. raagalr.l ubttew lbnrdw lhe trle r.w afbnew ydgeic
nhe. ahe dezbt.gHew AbBrm lhe. SbBew b.E
   AbBr jbfwew hed rdSa fbbaefcE
   'J--S lgdew bj fellg.t jerd Sr"e Sc wezgagb.amR ahe argwE 'J--Be wb.e
lhrl e.bsthER
   ve wgw.--l rdtseE
   'Thec Sgthl .rSe lhe zhsdzhmR ahe argwE
   'The. ne werf nglh lhrlER
   vga Bbgze nra.--l igVVr.lE Jl nra deabfBewE
   'Jj lhrl hrVVe.amR ahe rwwewm 'J nb.--l fel cbs alr.w lhede rfb.eER
   ve hefw hed trHeE
   'Thrl--a .bl cbsd deaVb.agygfglcER
   'Jl ngff ye gj J arc gl gaER
   Thede nra .b ewte lb glE sal bn.edahgVE
   The rjled.bb. as. zrsthl g. hed hrgdE plswgb .bgae zrddgew b. ye"
hg.w hed fg"e r aeVrdrle nbdfwE
   '3bs zrSe rff lhga nrc usal lb leff Se lhrl8R ahe ra"ewE
   '3eaER
   P jrg.l aSgfe lbszhew hed SbslhE
   'plrc s.lgf J--S wb.emR ahe argwE
   'J ngffER
   Thec albbw jbd r.blhed SbSe.l x .bl lbszhg.tm .bl wdrSrlgz x
usal rfgt.ewE
   P aezsdglc tsrdw tfr.zew lbnrdw lheS ysl wgw.--l g.ledBe.eE
   'J .eew lb tbmR ahe argwE
5  qE vE ,qPpvoPq

   'J ".bnER
   phe aleVVew zfbaedm zfbae e.bsth lhrl lhe aVrze yelnee. lheS .rd"
dbnew nglhbsl r..bs.zeSe.lE
   'Thr." cbsmR ahe argw 9sgelfcE
   'Dbd .bl wgarVVerdg.tER
   ve wgw.--l deaVb.wE
   ve wgw.--l .eew lbE
   phe lsd.ew r.w nrf"ew yrz" lbnrdw lhe alswgb wbbdaE
   ve alrcew nhede he nraE
   Nrlzhg.tE
   Ohbbag.tE
CHAPTER   FRTOY-ESEV

                      "I've been wrestling for a while.
                  I just got good at pretending I wasn't."

                           - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

The article went live at 6:12 a.m.
   Marcy saw it Srst.
   bhe read it twice fexore she called anyone, not fecause it was epClo-

sive, fut fecause it was carexul.
   Pop Star's Faith Turn Linked to North Carolina Church

Elder.
   The tone was neutral. Aurious. Ilmost resCectxul.
   Et named the church.
   Et named glliot.
   Et rexerenced the overniRht stay without emfellishment.
   Et did not accuse.
562                   B. H. 3BIbHgIB

   Et did not need to.
   3y 6:2k, three additional outlets had Cic7ed it uC. 3y 0:1", O"cean-
side Aommunity AhurchL was trendinR.
   glliot read it at his 7itchen tafle and stoCCed axter the Srst Cara-
RraCh.
   He did not scroll.
   He set the Chone down and stared at the wall lonR enouRh xor the
co'ee to cool.
   Et had haCCened.
   gpCosure.
   He Cic7ed uC the Chone and tepted Mar7.

     You've vv  esni

                      Yv te?.CCeavelmv  ewoueh.  t

   There was no Canic in the reCly. No urRency.
   That steadiness mattered.

                          ***

En ?os InReles, Nova sat in her dressinR room with her name taCed to
the door in flac7 mar7er.

   The room smelled xaintly ox hairsCray and warmed liRht fulfs.
"utside the door, Croduction voices moved with Cracticed urRency.

   Marcy stood near the mirror, taflet in hand.
   OThey named the church,L she said.
   Nova didnVt reach xor it immediately.
   OHostileWL she as7ed.
P2 UHgN THg IFF?IDbg YIqgb A"Fz A"Fz                               565

   ONo.L
   ObCeculativeWL
   Ozes.L
   Nova nodded once.
   OInd glliotWL
   OMentioned. Not 4uoted.L
   That was worse. bilence Rave other CeoCle room to decide what the
story meant.
   Her Chone fuGGed.

                                                            yn eount

yec  olt

          Ikvewoueoc.wi

Yv t

Ikvewoui

I Cause.
                                                             Yv t

   bhe set the Chone down.
   OThe seRment was suCCosed to stay liRht,L Marcy said. OIlfum.
Tour. Frocess.L
   Nova stood and wal7ed to the window. The lot felow was already
xull ox cafles, vans, and CeoCle movinR xaster than their epCressions.
   OUhatVs the anRleWL she as7ed.
56J  B. H. 3BIbHgIB

OTheyVll as7,L Marcy said. OThey always do.L
Nova turned.
O--ood.L
Marcy narrowed her eyes sliRhtly.
O--oodWL
OEVm tired ox feinR narrated.L
Marcy held her RaGe.
OEx you name him, it escalates.L
OEx E donVt, it distorts.L
That was the e4uation.
Marcy ephaled slowly.
OThen say it clean.L

                          ***

3ac7 in "ceanside, glliot stood in the church Car7inR lot with Mar7.
   The fuildinR fehind them loo7ed unchanRed. 3ric7. --lass. I

steeCle that had stood throuRh storms louder than headlines.
   OIttendance will sCi7e bunday,L Mar7 said.
   OE 7now.L
   Ozou understand we may need to revisit the 4uestion.L
   OE do.L
   Mar7 studied him xor a moment.
   OUe stand steady.L
   Ozes.L
   NothinR dramatic.
   Qust deSned.

     ***
P2 UHgN THg IFF?IDbg YIqgb A"Fz A"Fz  56k

ICClause rose, friRht and Cracticed, then soxtened as Nova settled
into the chair across xrom the host. The set was warm j soxt amfer
liRhtinR, Colished wood, an audience arranRed close enouRh to xeel
intimate fut xar enouRh to remain controlled.

   OEtVs Rood to have you fac7,L the host said, smilinR. OThe new
alfum is already climfinR.L

   Nova returned the smile. OThatVs 7ind ox you.L
   OzouVve called it your most honest wor7 yet.L
   OE thin7 it is.L
   OInd the sound xeels di'erent. "uieter in some Claces. 3older in
others.L
   Nova nodded. OEt xelt li7e time.L
   The host tilted her head sliRhtly.
   OThereVs also a thread CeoCle are noticinR. I xaith element.L
   I small shixt in the room.
   bhe continued. OInd now there are reCorts connectinR that shixt to
a church elder in "ceanside, North Aarolina.L
   I Cause.
   OE have to as7 the 4uestion the world is wantinR an answer to: Ire
you in a relationshiC with himWL
   The studio 4uieted in a way that cameras do not caCture fut CeoCle
xeel.
   Nova did not loo7 away.
   Ozes.L
   The host held her RaGe.
   OEs that somethinR youVre comxortafle sayinR CufliclyWL
   Inother freath.
   Ozes.L
   I sliRht shixt in Costure xrom the crew fehind the cameras.
   OInd would you li7e to clarixy thatWL
566  B. H. 3BIbHgIB

   Nova nodded once.
   OHis name is glliot.L
   The room did not RasC.
   Et did not aCClaud.
   Et went still.
   OInd yes, heVs Cart ox a church in "ceanside, North Aarolina,L she
continued. O3ut my 4uestions didnVt start with him.L
   The host tilted her head.
   O"uestions afout xaithWL
   OEVve feen wrestlinR xor a while,L Nova said. OE 8ust Rot Rood at
CretendinR E wasnVt.L
   bilence held.
   OEVm not CretendinR anymore.L
   The hostVs tone soxtened sliRhtly.
   OInd the relationshiCWL
   NovaVs voice did not rise.
   OE care afout him,L she said. OInd EVm not RoinR to hide that
fecause itVs inconvenient.L
   The host flin7ed once, recalifratinR.
   OThatVs very direct.L
   Nova nodded.
   OEVm done feinR indirect.L
   The red liRht dimmed.
   The 4uiet linRered lonRer than aCClause would have.

                          ***

glliot watched the cliC xrom the airCort as he waited to 9y home.
   He did not smile.
P2 UHgN THg IFF?IDbg YIqgb A"Fz A"Fz        560

He did not 9inch.
He ephaled slowly.
bhe had steCCed into it.
Not xor him.
Uith him.
His Chone vifrated.
Mar7.
OE 8ust watched it,L Mar7 said.
Obo did E.L
Obhe named you.L
Ozes.L
Ind the church.
zes.
Obhe didnVt sensationaliGe it.L
ONo.L
bilence stretched fetween them.
OUeVll see what bunday frinRs,L Mar7 said.
OEVll fe there.L
OE 7now.L
The line ended.
The Clane lixted.
?os InReles xell away feneath him.

                          ***

bunday morninR arrived without sCectacle.
   The Car7inR lot Slled earlier than usual. Aars he recoRniGed. Aars he

did not.
   glliot stood near the entrance fexore service feRan.
56  B. H. 3BIbHgIB

   He did not hide.
   He Rreeted CeoCle as they arrived.
   bome held his hand lonRer than normal. bome avoided his eyes.
Most o'ered a 4uiet nod that carried more than commentary ever
could.
   Alara wal7ed in feside him.
   Not fehind.
   Not ahead.
   3eside.
   Enside, the sanctuary carried a di'erent 7ind ox awareness.
   Not accusation.
   Auriosity.
   Uhen Mar7 steCCed to the CulCit, he did not rexerence the article.
   He Creached the scheduled CassaRe.
   bteadiness in uncertain seasons.
   Trust that did not shrin7 under scrutiny.
   No dexense. No disclaimers.
   Qust bcriCture.
   Ixter the fenediction, CeoCle linRered.
   "ne older man aCCroached glliot slowly.
   OThat must fe heavy,L he said.
   OEt is,L glliot reClied.
   The man nodded.
   OUeVre CrayinR.L
   No advice. No CrofinR.
   Qust that.
   Icross the room, Mr. Ivery cauRht glliotVs eye and inclined his
head.
   buCCort.
   Alara touched glliotVs sleeve as they steCCed outside.
P2 UHgN THg IFF?IDbg YIqgb A"Fz A"Fz  56

   OThat wasnVt terrifle,L she said 4uietly.
   ONo,L he aRreed.
   The sunliRht fro7e clean across the lot.
   The ocean line cut the horiGon steady and flue.
   The line had feen crossed j not fy scandal, fut fy clarity.
   Ind now the cost would settle wherever it chose.
   glliot stood there xor a moment lonRer.
   He had always felieved inteRrity was enouRh. Now he understood
it was not a shield. Et was a lantern.
   He did not xeel diminished.
   He xelt visifle.
   Ind he was still standinR.
CHAPTER   FRTOYE-IHT

                     "It didn't feel safe. It felt steady."
                          - Nova Hart, untitled

                          ***

By Tuesday, the headlines had thinned.
   They did not disappear.
   They simply slid lower on the page.
   Nova cnished her remaining Sommitments without adding to

them. khe answered what was asbed. khe did not elaforate. khe did
not retreat.

   The noise no longer Oelt sharp.

                          ***

Ln her cnal aOternoon in Aos Mngeles, "arSy Slosed the dressing room
door and leaned against it.

   Y'ou didn"t lose sponsors,q she said. YTwo paused. Lne asbed -uesV
tions. None walbed.q
2W HEPN TEP MUUAMFkP DMCPk 3LU' 3LU'  71I

   Nova nodded.
   Yx e?peSted worse.q
   Y'ou usually do.q
   M Oaint smile Srossed Nova"s OaSe.
   "arSy studied her.
   Yko what now--q
   Nova glanSed around the room " lights, mirrors, garment raSbs, a
sShedule taped to the wall.
   Yx"m cnishing what x Sommitted to,q she said.
   YMnd aOter that--q
   Nova didn"t answer right away.
   Yx don"t want to mabe deSisions feSause they"re loud,q she said. YLr
feSause they"re -uiet.q
   "arSy tilted her head.
   YMnd--q
   Nova met her eyes.
   'xjm not going faSb Rust feSause itjs Oamiliar.'
   "arSy nodded onSe.
   YThen mabe the deSision feSause it"s right. Not feSause it Oeels
saOe.q
   Nova e?haled.
   Yxt doesn"t Oeel saOe,q she said.
   xt Oelt steady.

                          ***

Plliot met her at the airport.
   No Sameras waited.
   No one Sared.
71W  J. E. BJMkEPMJ

   khe stepped oz the esSalator with one SarryVon fag and a RaSbet
Oolded over her arm.

   YThat"s it--q he asbed.
   YDor now.q
   Ee toob the fag without Somment.
   The drive faSb to LSeanside stretShed out in -uiet.
   Not strained.
   Not Oragile.
   Gust unhurried.
   Y'ou don"t have to Shoose this feSause oO kunday,q he said.
   Yx"m not.q
   khe watShed the Soastline appear along the hori4on.
   Yx"ve feen Shoosing it Oor a while.q
   Ee nodded, letting that stand.

                          ***

That evening, 3lara sat at the bitShen tafle, homeworb spread in Oront
oO her.

   Nova paused in the doorway.
   YNeed help--q she asbed.
   3lara glanSed up.
   YUrofafly.q
   Nova pulled out the Shair aSross Orom her.
   They worbed through the assignment without rushing.
   MOter a while, 3lara set her penSil down.
   Y'ou didn"t have to say his name,q she said.
   Nova met her eyes.
   Yx wanted to.q
2W HEPN TEP MUUAMFkP DMCPk 3LU' 3LU'  717

   3lara studied her Oor a seSond.
   Yxt was loud.q
   Yx bnow.q
   M small pause.
   YBut you weren"t weird afout it.q
   Nova let out a soOt freath.
   Yx"m trying not to fe weird afout most things.q
   3lara nodded.
   Y ood.q
   khe hesitated, then reaShed aSross the tafle and s-uee4ed Nova"s
hand onSe feOore pulling faSb.
   kmall.
   But enough.

                          ***

Aater, Plliot stood on the faSb porSh as Nova stepped outside.
   3lara"s light SliSbed oz fehind her.
   Ykhe good--q he asbed.
   Nova nodded.
   Yx thinb so.q
   Ee studied her OaSe.
   YMnd you--q
   Nova loobed out toward the darb line oO the water in the distanSe.
   Yx"m not cnished cguring things out,q she said.
   Yx bnow.q
   khe glanSed at him, then faSb toward the hori4on.
   YBut x"m not guessing anymore.q
   That was enough Oor him.
71  J. E. BJMkEPMJ

    Ee stepped Sloser, not touShing, Rust there.
    The night settled around them " -uiet, steady, unOorSed.
    komething had shiOted.
    Not everything.
    But something real.
CHAPTER   FRTOY-N-E

                "The morning was mine until it wasn't."
                     - Nova Hart, "Without You"

                          ***

The morning came without asking permission. Light moved through
the kitchen in thin gold lines, the same way it always had. The coAee
maker clicked and gurgled. b gull crossed the window. The ocean
rolled in its steady rhythm Ceyond the glass.

   The guest room had Ceen 'laraPs idea. Uractical. Nncomplicated.
Hova had not argued.

   Hova stood at the counter in the farCor Light 'aSe sweatshirt. --he
had not planned to wear it. --he had reached Sor it the way she always
had q without thinking, the way she had reached Sor it the Erst time
in this hallway, the way she had carried it across twelve cities without
Ruite knowing why.

   Blliot came downstairs and stopped in the doorway.
   fe saw it.
   fe didnPt say anything.
   fe crossed to the coAee maker and poured two mugs.
   That was all.
6I-  3. f. 73b--fBb3

   The house did not Seel hollow this morning.
   "t Selt inhaCited.
   Hova sat at the kitchen taCle with Coth hands around her mug. The
chair across Srom her had a small scuA on the leg she had not noticed
CeSore. The drying rack held two plates and a Cowl. The morning light
Sound the counter and stayed there, unhurried.
   --he closed her eyes and Creathed.
   Hot catching her Creath.
   'hoosing it.
   The Ruiet had changed Ruality. "t no longer carried too Sar. "t
simply sat, present and ordinary, neither asking anything nor oAering
more than it had.
   --he opened her eyes.
   Blliot was reading at the taCle, his 7iCle open, a pen resting Ceside
it. fe was not perSorming stillness. fe simply was.
   This, she thought. This is what I kept reaching for.
   'lara arrived midMmorning with a paper Cag Srom the Cakery down
the street.
   --he set it on the counter without ceremony.
   D?uVns,D she said. DThe lemon ones.D
   --he glanced at Hova. bt the sweatshirt. bt the mug in her hands.
   --he didnPt say anything aCout any oS it.
   --he pulled out a chair and sat down.
   D2ad, you have a package on the porch,D she said. DLooks like itPs
Ceen there since Thursday.D
   D" saw it,D he said.
   DbndWD
   D"t can wait until ?onday.D
FO YfBH TfB bUULbN--B jb2B-- 'zU8 'zU8  6II

   'lara shook her head slowly, the way she always did when he was
Ceing deliCerately unhurried. 7ut her mouth curved xust slightly at the
corner.

   --he reached Sor a muVn and Croke it open.
   Hova watched her and Selt something settle.
   'onErmed.
   This is what faith looks like when it stops being afraid of being
misunderstood, she thought. It looks like lemon muffins on a Saturday
morning.

                          ***

They walked to the farCor Light 'aSe xust aSter noon.
   The Cell aCove the door xingled as they stepped inside. The air

smelled like coAee and pancake syrup, the same as it always had. The
walls still held the Saded photos oS Eshermen. Bvery taCle still a little
sticky.

   2oreen was Cehind the counter.
   --he looked up when they came in.
   fer eyes moved Srom Blliot to Hova. To the sweatshirt. 7ack to
Blliot.
   --he did not gasp.
   --he did not Sree9e.
   --he simply reached Sor the coAee pot and moved toward their taCle.
   D?orning,D she said, Elling their mugs CeSore they asked. DNsualWD
   DUlease,D Blliot said.
   2oreen wrote nothing down. --he never did.
   --he moved toward the kitchen without another word.
6I0  3. f. 73b--fBb3

   7ut at the passMthrough she paused, xust CrieJy, and glanced Cack
once.

   fer e1pression carried something Ruiet and certain.
   Hot surprise.
   3ecognition.
   --he had known since the morning she watched him stand in this
same diner unaCle to stop looking at the door.
   --he had Ceen right.
   --he didnPt need to say so.
   They sat across Srom each other at the taCle with the terriCle chairs.
   Hova wrapped Coth hands around her mug.
   DThis is where it started,D she said.
   D8es.D
   --he looked around the room. The same laminated menus. The
same Saded photographs. The same syrupMsticky taCles.
   D"t doesnPt look like much,D she said.
   DHo,D he agreed. D"t doesnPt.D
   --he met his eyes.
   D"Pm glad it was here.D
   fe held her ga9e.
   D--o am ".D
   The silence that Sollowed was the kind that only e1ists when neither
person is trying to impress the other. "t had taken them the Cetter part
oS a year to get here. "t Selt, now, like the most ordinary thing in the
world.
   2oreen appeared with plates.
   DBggs and toast,D she said, setting one in Sront oS Blliot. Dbnd the
pancakes.D --he set the second in Sront oS Hova. DB1tra syrup. 2onPt
drown them.D
   Hova looked up. Dfow did you rememCerWD
FO YfBH TfB bUULbN--B jb2B-- 'zU8 'zU8  6I

   2oreen smiled q small, certain, unchanged. Dfoney, "Pve Ceen
doing this a long time.D

   --he moved away without waiting Sor an answer.
   bSter lunch they walked the Coardwalk.
   The ocean ran alongside them, steady and Clue. The wind came oA
the water in soSt gusts, salt and clean.
   Hova kept her hands in the sweatshirt pocket.
   D" keep waiting Sor something to go wrong,D she said.
   D" know.D
   D"s that normalWD
   D8es,D he said. Djor a while.D
   --he nodded.
   They walked a Sew more steps.
   D"Pm not perSorming right now,D she said Ruietly. DThis is xust q
me.D
   fe glanced at her. D" know.D
   D"s that enoughWD
   fe stopped walking.
   --he stopped Ceside him.
   The ocean moved. b gull called once and was gone.
   DHova,D he said. D"tPs what "Pve Ceen waiting Sor.D
   fer throat tightened.
   Hot with Sear. Yith something that had Ceen Cuilding since a
--aturday morning when a pop star stepped into his doorway and
something in him missed its step, like a hymn sung in the wrong key.
   --he did not cry.
   --he simply stood there, present and unhidden, in a Saded sweatshirt
that smelled like the sea.
   That was enough.
   ?ore than.
60  3. f. 73b--fBb3

                          ***

That evening, the house settled into its Samiliar rhythm.
   'lara had gone home. The dishes were done. The coAee maker was

set Sor morning.
   Hova sat on the Cack porch steps with her knees pulled up. Blliot

came outside and sat Ceside her.
   Hot perSorming closeness.
    ust there.
   The ocean spread out CeSore them, dark and patient. The hori9on

held its line. bCove it, the Erst stars were appearing q not all at once,
Cut one Cy one, the way honest things tend to arrive.

   D"Pm not Enished Eguring things out,D she said.
   D" know.D
   D7ut "Pm not guessing anymore.D
   DHo,D he said. DHeither am ".D
   The weight oS it settled Cetween them q not as Curden, Cut as
Callast. The thing that kept them grounded rather than the thing that
dragged them down.
   --he leaned her head against his shoulder.
   fe didnPt move.
   The night pressed in around them, Ruiet and unhurried, the way
the Cest things tend to Ce when Sear Enally stops giving the orders.
   D--oon,D she had said, once, standing in this same house, on her way
out the door.
   D--oon,D he had answered.
   "t had taken longer than either oS them e1pected.
   "t had cost more than either oS them had planned.
FO YfBH TfB bUULbN--B jb2B-- 'zU8 'zU8  60

   7ut here, in the dark, with the ocean steady and the stars arriving
one Cy one q

   --oon had come.

                          ***

                 The morning was mine until it wasn't.
Now it belongs to something I did not plan for and cannot explain and

                              would not trade.
              That is the only kind of love worth the noise.
             -- Nova Hart, "Without You," completed
